David William Sanford (born 1963 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American composer who is also a jazz bandleader.

Sanford was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1963, into a musical family.  His parents and one of his grandfathers were choir leaders, his other grandfather was a jazz trumpeter, and his great-grandmother Mozie Bass had composed songs, and music for church pageants; he also has a brother who is a music teacher and singer in Colorado, where the family moved.
The young David Sanford acquired an enthusiasm for big band music early on, playing trombone from around the age of ten.  He went on to major in music at the University of Northern Colorado, and earned master's degrees in theory and composition at the New England Conservatory of Music.  In 1991, supported partly by a Guggenheim Fellowship and partly by a job in the financial services industry, he undertook doctoral studies at Princeton, where he completed his dissertation on Miles Davis in 1998.  That same year he joined the faculty at Mount Holyoke College, where he teaches theory, composition, and various history courses, including one on music of the 1970s.In 2002, the Rome Prize took Sanford to Italy for a year, and he formed the Pittsburgh Collective on his return, inviting players from a classical background as well as jazz musicians. 
The group's debut album (Oxingale OX2010) was recorded live at the Knitting Factory in 2005, with Matt Haimovitz as a cello soloist.  
Works by Sanford have been performed by the Chamber Society of Lincoln Center, the San Francisco Contemporary Music Players, Chicago Symphony Chamber Players, Detroit Symphony, Corvini e lodice Roma Jazz Ensemble, Meridian Arts Ensemble, and Speculum Musicae. His most recent works are published by Oxingale Music.

Mount Holyoke Music Department Profile Archived 2007-08-24 at the Wayback Machine

The Hand That Rocks the Cradle is a 1992 American psychological thriller film directed by Curtis Hanson, and starring Annabella Sciorra, Rebecca De Mornay, Matt McCoy, Ernie Hudson, and Julianne Moore. Its plot follows the pregnant wife of a Seattle obstetrician who kills himself after he is accused of sexual misconduct by his patients. The shock leads the wife to miscarry, after which she poses as a nanny for one of her husband's accusers, and slowly begins to infiltrate the family. The title is taken from an 1865 poem by William Ross Wallace and there are several nods to the comic opera The Pirates of Penzance. The Hand That Rocks the Cradle grossed approximately $140 million worldwide. The film was remade into a Hindi film by the name Khal-Naaikaa in 1993.

In Seattle, housewife Claire Bartel is happily married and pregnant with her second child. At a routine check-up, she is sexually molested by her new obstetrician, Dr. Victor Mott. Traumatized, she tells her husband Michael, who encourages her to report Dr. Mott to the state medical board. Her accusation prompts four more women to come forward about Dr. Mott assaulting them, and multiple charges are prepared against him. Dr. Mott kills himself to avoid being arrested. Lawyers tell Dr. Mott's pregnant widow that her husband's assets have been frozen because of the lawsuits. They also reveal that he voided his life insurance contract by committing suicide, and she will lose her luxurious home. Overcome with stress, Mrs. Mott goes into pre-term labor, loses her baby, and undergoes an emergency hysterectomy. While recovering, she sees a news story identifying Claire as the first woman who came forward with the allegations against her husband.
Six months later, Claire has given birth to a boy, Joey. Looking for a nanny, she unknowingly hires Mrs. Mott, who is going under the alias "Peyton Flanders". Mrs. Mott wages a campaign to undermine Claire in her household, seeking revenge against Claire for reporting her husband in spite of his behavior, as her husband was her only chance to have children. She frequently breastfeeds Joey in secret; this causes him to stop taking Claire's milk. Mrs. Mott tries to turn Claire's daughter Emma against her and secretly destroys Michael's office proposal. Solomon, an intellectually disabled handyman who has been assisting the Bartels, discovers Mrs. Mott breastfeeding Joey. To prevent him from exposing her, Mrs. Mott suggests to Claire that Solomon might be molesting Emma. Mrs. Mott plants a pair of Emma's underwear in Solomon's toolbox, leading Claire to fire him, to Emma's disappointment and causing her to distance herself from her mother as Mrs. Mott had planned. Unbeknownst to the family except for Emma, Solomon keeps his watchful eyes over them. Knowing that Claire's close friend Marlene had been Michael's ex-girlfriend before he married Claire, Mrs. Mott suggests to Michael that he arrange a surprise birthday party for Claire, leading Marlene and Michael to meet in secret. Claire vocally accuses Michael of having an affair with Marlene, only to find the party-goers, including a hurt and humiliated Marlene, waiting in the next room.
A now wary Claire begins to suspect "Peyton's" hand in all of these incidents and suggests to Michael that they should take a family vacation without "Peyton". Mrs. Mott overhears this and boobytraps the greenhouse for Claire. Marlene discovers Mrs. Mott's identity, but before she can tell Claire, Mrs. Mott tricks her into going into the greenhouse, where she is killed by the falling glass ceiling. Knowing that Claire suffers from asthma, Mrs. Mott empties all of her inhalers. When Claire finds Marlene's bloodied body, she has an asthma attack and is briefly hospitalized. Michael is left distraught over Marlene's death and his wife's condition; Mrs. Mott attempts to seduce him, but he rejects her. Claire uncovers the truth about Mrs. Mott and confronts her whilst revealing the truth to Michael. They kick her out, and Michael tells Claire to get Emma and Joey so they can head to a hotel for safety.
Mrs. Mott breaks into the house and hits Michael with a shovel, knocking him down the stairs and breaking his legs. She then attempts to fulfill her true goal: taking Emma and Joey for herself, but after seeing Mrs. Mott assault Claire, Emma outsmarts Mrs. Mott and locks her in the nursery, declaring that Mrs. Mott will never be her mother. Mrs. Mott escapes and finds Solomon in the attic, aiding the kids' escape. She attempts to kill Claire but stops after Claire appears to be having another asthma attack, prompting Mrs. Mott to cruelly mock her. As she tries to take Joey, Claire gets up, having faked her asthma attack, and viciously attacks a stunned Mrs. Mott, and Solomon distracts her enough for Claire to push her out of the window, impaling her on the picket fence and killing her. Touched at how Solomon risked his life to protect her family, Claire welcomes him back, and they all leave the attic to help Michael up as the police and paramedics arrive.

The Hand That Rocks the Cradle originated as Amanda Silver's film school thesis.In August 1990, it was reported Interscope Communications was preparing the film for Hollywood Pictures. By October 1990 Curtis Hanson was on board to direct.
Filming began on April 15, 1991, after being rescheduled from February 22. The film shoot was delayed due to the casting of the female leads. The setting and location was originally meant to be in Atlanta, Georgia, but was filmed in Tacoma and Seattle in Washington.

Filming locations were Issaquah, Washington; Seattle, Washington (Mott's residence at 2502 37th Ave W in Seattle); and the Bartels' residence at 808 N. Yakima Ave. Tacoma, Washington.

The Hand That Rocks the Cradle opened on January 10, 1992, and grossed $7.7 million in its opening weekend, bringing Hook down to #2 at the US box office from its four-week stay at #1. The film lasted at #1 for four consecutive weeks, then was upended by Medicine Man, which was also released by Hollywood Pictures. By the end of its run, the film earned a total of $88 million in the United States and Canada and $52 million internationally, for a worldwide total of $140 million.

On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 66% based on 53 reviews. The consensus summarizes: "Thanks largely to Rebecca De Mornay's delightfully villainous turn in the central role, The Hand That Rocks the Cradle is an entertaining -- albeit rather silly -- domestic thriller." On Metacritic the film has a score of 64% based on reviews from 26 critics. Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale.Gene Siskel stated that he "had trouble accepting the premise of this picture because of the casual way in which the nanny is hired in an early scene by the mother," citing that the premise is unrealistic. However, he gave praise to Julianne Moore's character, saying, "much more believable, is the supporting character of the mother's best friend" and that "the friend is a terrific character, it's too bad she doesn't have more scenes in the picture." He mentioned that his "biggest objection to The Hand That Rocks the Cradle is to its scenes with the children in jeopardy or psychic pain." Siskel finally remarked that "there are some fun thrills in The Hand that Rocks the Cradle to be sure, but I found a lot of it distasteful, too." Roger Ebert had a higher opinion of the film, stating that he "found this film worked" and that "It touches on a fear and that's why it appeals to us." Ebert praised De Mornay's performance in the film, saying, "she does, I think, a very good job, a very, very sound job of being the villainess in this film and I think it's an effective performance" and that he found the scenes of the children "very interesting because I saw them as a portrait of the evil of that woman."Vincent Canby of The New York Times said of the film that "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle is meant to scare audiences more or less in the way that the patrons of the early nickelodeons were frightened when they saw the image of a train rushing at them. Audiences aren't asked to think, only to react" and that "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle proves again that not thinking isn't especially easy even today. Though Mr. Hanson is a slick movie maker, he is not an especially persuasive one here. Don't be gulled by those who would compare The Hand That Rocks the Cradle to Fatal Attraction, which features three strong characters who, in one way or another, are ready to answer for their actions." He added that "Mr. Hanson creates the occasionally effective shock effect to satisfy those who want to squeal in mock fright. More often the devices he uses are such tired tricks as the crosscutting between two sets of simultaneous, often innocent, actions to create the illusion of suspense that can't be sustained." Rebecca Hawkes of Telegraph gave the film a rating a 3 stars out of 5 and said that "It’s a tense, viscerally unsettling moment, that helps make the film into something more than just a fun, formulaic thriller", while Sue Heal of The Radio Times rated the film 4 stars out of 5, stating that "This is pure unbridled hokum, of course, but extremely effective until the last 30 minutes, when the plot rapidly self-destructs."Washington Post reviewer Rita Kempley criticized the movie, arguing that it is anti-feminist.In 2006, the film was included in Bravo's special 30 Even Scarier Movie Moments, placing at #24.

At the 19th Saturn Awards it was nominated for Best Horror Film, Best Actress (Rebecca De Mornay), and Best Supporting Actress (Julianne Moore).  At the 1992 MTV Movie Awards Rebecca De Mornay's performance won the award for Best Villain and was nominated for Best Female Performance.

The Hand That Rocks the Cradle was released on VHS on July 8, 1992, on DVD on December 8, 1998 with the original theatrical trailer as the sole special feature. On September 4, 2012 Disney/Buena Vista released the film on Blu-ray disc with the same theatrical trailer as the previous releases.
The film was presented in its original widescreen aspect ratio, approximately 1.85:1.

The film was remade as Khal-Naaikaa, an Indian film which was released on 6 August 1993.

In 2014, it was announced Supernatural writer Daniel Loflin was set to executive produce and write an adaptation for the film alongside Ted Field, a producer on the original film. The remake was reportedly in development at ABC Family, but it did not move forward.

List of films featuring home invasions
List of mental disorders in film

The Hand That Rocks the Cradle at IMDb 
The Hand That Rocks the Cradle at the TCM Movie Database
The Hand That Rocks the Cradle at AllMovie
The Hand That Rocks the Cradle at Box Office Mojo
Movie stills

Fahad Mohammed Al-Thunayan (Arabic: فهد محمد الثنيان, born 29 August 1986) is a Saudi footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .

Fahad Al-Thunayan at Soccerway

Crocodylus thorbjarnarsoni is an extinct species of crocodile from the Pliocene and Pleistocene of the Turkana Basin in Kenya. It is closely related to the species Crocodylus anthropophagus, which lived during the same time in Tanzania. C. thorbjarnarsoni could be the largest known true crocodile, with the largest skull found indicating a possible total length up to 7.6 m (25 ft). It may have been a predator of early hominins. Crocodylus thorbjarnarsoni was named by Christopher Brochu and Glenn Storrs in 2012 in honor of John Thorbjarnarson, a conservationist who worked to protect endangered crocodilians.

Crocodylus thorbjarnarsoni is distinguished from other crocodiles by its broad snout. It has small raised rims on the prefrontal bones in front of the eyes, a feature also seen in some Nile crocodile individuals. The squamosal bones form raised rims along the sides of the skull table, similar to the crests in C. anthropophagus but much smaller. Also like C. anthropophagus, it has nostrils that open slightly forward rather than directly upward.The largest C. thorbjarnarsoni skull found (KNM-ER 1682) measures 85 cm (33 in) from the tip of the snout to the back of the skull table, in comparison, the largest known extant Crocodylus skull is that of a saltwater crocodile, measuring 76 cm (30 in). Based on regression analysis for Crocodylus, this corresponds to a total length of 6.2–6.5 m (20–21 ft) but such analysis have been shown to underestimate the size of very large individuals by as much as 20%, which means it could have been as long as 7.6 m (25 ft).

Crocodylus thorbjarnarsoni likely preyed on human ancestors like Paranthropus and early members of the genus Homo, both of which are known from the Turkana Basin. Direct evidence of crocodilian predation is known from bite marks on hominin bones from the Olduvai Gorge, and these marks were likely made by the closely related crocodile C. anthropophagus (anthropophagus means "human eater" in Greek). No hominin bones from the Turkana Basin bear crocodilian bite marks, so there is no direct evidence that C. thorbjarnarsoni preyed on hominins. However, modern Nile crocodiles are known to consume adult humans, and since C. thorbjarnarsoni was larger than any Nile crocodile, it easily could have eaten smaller-bodied human ancestors. Brochu and Storrs hypothesized that the lack of bite marks could have been due to hominin's awareness of crocodiles and ability to evade them, explaining that "this conflict—eat and drink, but maybe die—was presumably foremost amongst the concerns our predecessors felt when approaching ancient waterways inhabited by Crocodylus thorbjarnarsoni." Another explanation was that C. thorbjarnarsoni may have eaten hominins whole with little need for biting, since it was much larger.

Crocodylus thorbjarnarsoni is known from nine skulls, all of which are housed in the National Museum of Kenya. The holotype is a nearly complete skull and lower jaw called KNM-ER 1683 and comes from the approximately 2-million-year-old Koobi Fora Formation on the eastern shore of Lake Turkana. The skulls KNM-ER 1681 and KNM-ER 1682 have also been found from the formation. Three other skulls are known from the Nachukui Formation, west of the holotype's locality. KNM-WT 38977 is from the 2.5- to 3.4-million-year-old Lower Lomekwi Member, KNM-LT 26305 is from the 3.9-million-year-old Kaiyumung Member, and KNM-LT 421 is from the 4.2- to 5.0-million-year-old Apak Member. Three additional skulls called KNM-KP 18338, KNM-KP 30604, and KNM-KP 30619 are known from the southern Turkana Basin in the Kanapoi Formation, dating between 4.07 and 4.12 million years. KNM-ER 1682, KNM-LT 421, KNM-LT 26305, and KNM-KP 30619 were previously assigned to Rimasuchus lloydi, and their reassignment to C. thorbjarnarsoni reduces the range of R. lloydi to Northern Africa.

The cladogram below is from a 2021 study based on the finding of a new Crocodylus anthropophagus partial cranium in the Olduvai Gorge of northern Tanzania.

Max Duttenhofer (May 20, 1843 in Rottweil – August 14, 1903 in Tübingen, full name: Max Wilhelm Heinrich Duttenhofer, 1896: Max von Duttenhofer) was a German entrepreneur and industrialist. His factory invented smokeless gunpowder.

In 1863 Max took over a powder mill from his father, from which the gunpowder factory Rottweil emerged. In 1884 he achieved a major breakthrough; smokeless gunpowder.In 1890, Duttenhofer was one of the three founders of Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft.Duttenhofer was a member of the board of the Pan-German League.
He died of a heart attack in 1903.

Anders Sinclair (1614-1689) was one of many Scottish soldiers who joined Swedish service during the Thirty Years' War, rising to the rank of colonel, and holding several military governorship of important fortress towns in Sweden.
Sinclair enlisted 1635 in Robert Stewart's Scottish regiment in Swedish service, as a private musketeer; promoted to corporal 1637; sergeant 1640; ensign 1643. Transferred to Närke-Värmland Regiment as ensign 1644. Lieutenant in Skaraborg Regiment 1647; captain 1655; major 1660; lieutenant-colonel 1674. Commander in Marstrand 1675; military governor of Kalmar 1676; of Marstrand 1676; promoted to colonel 1676; military governor of Halmstad 1678. During the defence of Toruń 1658, Sinclair was shot four times, through both arms and in his head, while he and his men beat back the enemy eight times.Sinclair was son of John Sinclair, and grandson of James Sinclair, Baron of Randel. He married twice, first Anna Botvidsdotter in 1648, in a marriage that left no living children; in 1670 Anna Amundsdotter, with whom he had three sons, through which he became the ancestor of the barons and counts Sinclair of Sweden, having been naturalized as a Swedish nobleman in 1680. In 1661 the King donated the income from three farms in Västergötland to him.

The futsal tournament at the 2021 SEA Games is scheduled to be held from 10 to 20 May 2022 in Vietnam. All matches will be held at Hà Nam Gymnasium in Phủ Lý. Hà Nam Province.

No group draw was held for futsal as there are only 5 teams in both tournament, so all teams are automatically drawn to one group. Instead, teams are only drawn for scheduling purposes.

Both tournaments will be held in Round robin format; the team with the best record wins the gold medal.

  Host nation

Football at the 2021 SEA Games
2021 Southeast Asian Games

Craig Mountain Wildlife Management Area at 115,000 acres (470 km2) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Nez Perce County along the Snake River in southern Lewiston. The WMA is cooperatively managed by the Idaho Department of Fish and Game and the Bureau of Land Management.The WMA provides habitat for mule deer, elk, wild turkey, and other game species. Bighorn sheep were reintroduced to the WMA in 1983.

Bulbophyllum fenestratum is a species of orchid that is endemic to Southeast Asia. It is a small epiphyte with a single erect, egg-shaped leaf with the lower end towards the base, and seven to fifteen flowers about 10 mm (0.4 in) long on a peduncle 80–120 mm (3.1–4.7 in) long, each flower on a pedicel about the same length.Bulbophyllum fenestratum was first formally described in 1907 by Johannes Jacobus Smith in the Bulletin du Département de l'Agriculture aux Indes Néerlandaises. It grows in forest at altitudes between 100 and 1,100 m (330 and 3,610 ft) in Thailand, Peninsular Malaysia, Sumatra, Java and Borneo.

Dedications is an hour-long television program aired on Canadian music TV station MuchMusic. It compiled viewers' music-video requests that are dedicated in the name of viewer's friends and families. The requests were sent to MuchMusic headquarters via cellphone text message, email, and phone.

Manu Needhi Consumer and Environmental Protection Centre is a non-profit organisation, registered under the Tamil Nadu Societies Registration Act, 1975. It was formed by then law students of Dr. Ambedkar Law College, Chennai, most of whom are now the practicing advocates in Madras High Court, Chennai.

There are seven executive members:
A. Muniraja - president
Akila Arunkumar- vice president
S. Saravanan - general secretary
P. Saravana Siva - joint secretary
R. Senthil Kumar - treasurer
M. Manikhandan - committee member
Sindhuja Seenivasaga Perumal

Manu Needhi works to create awareness to the consumers about their rights by conducting periodical campaigns. Further, they provide free legal aid  to the consumers to get their grievance redressed legally in consumer courts. They also file public interest litigation.

Personnel at the centre have organised awareness campaigns around issues that affect the public at large, including campaigns in remote villages and a mass voters' awareness rally.

The president and vice-president of the organization have been known to write articles related to consumer rights that have been published in newspapers and magazines of India, especially in Tamil Nadu.

"Snacks outlet told to pay Rs.50,000 to movie-goer who was charged Rs.10 more". The Hindu. 28 March 2018. Retrieved 22 June 2018.

The 26th Annual Gotham Independent Film Awards, presented by the Independent Filmmaker Project, were held on November 28, 2016. The nominees were announced on October 20, 2016. Actors Ethan Hawke and Amy Adams, director Oliver Stone and producer Arnon Milchan received tribute awards. The ceremony was hosted by Keegan-Michael Key.

Moonlight – Mahershala Ali, Naomie Harris, Alex Hibbert, André Holland, Jharrel Jerome, Janelle Monáe, Jaden Piner, Trevante Rhodes, and Ashton Sanders

Roxy Toporowych – Julia Blue
Shaz Bennett – Alaska is a Drag
Katie Orr – Poor Jane

Aziz Ansari
Judith Light

Mayor's Office of Media and Entertainment (MOME)

Amy Adams
Ethan Hawke
Arnon Milchan
Oliver Stone

Official website

USS Stanly (DD-478) was a Fletcher-class destroyer in service with the United States Navy from 1942 to 1947. She was scrapped in 1972.

USS Stanly (DD-478) was named for Rear Admiral Fabius Stanly (1815–1882). She was laid down on 15 September 1941 at the Charleston Navy Yard; launched on 2 May 1942; sponsored by Mrs. Elizabeth Stanley Boss; and commissioned on 15 October 1942.

Stanly remained at the Charleston Navy Yard fitting-out and undergoing dock trials until 30 December. During that time, her seaplane catapult was removed to make room for additional 5-inch guns. On the 30th, she passed Fort Sumter on her way to shakedown training off the coast of Cuba. Stanly returned to Charleston on 7 January 1943 and operated on the east coast and in Guantanamo Bay until 28 February when she rounded Cape Charles and headed for Delaware Bay, where she joined Santa Fe (CL-60) and sailed with the light cruiser for Panama.
The two warships transited the Panama Canal on 5 March, fueled at Balboa the next day, and steamed for Long Beach. They stayed at San Pedro Harbor from the 12th to the 16th, when they headed for Hawaii. After entering Pearl Harbor on 22 March, Stanly operated out of that naval base until May, hunting submarines, participating in drills, and screening convoys on the last leg of their voyages to Oahu. Finally, on 14 May, she departed Pearl Harbor in the screen of a westward-bound convoy. Twelve days later, Stanly and her convoy passed through the submarine nets into the harbor at Nouméa, New Caledonia.
Over the next three months, Stanly was in and out of Nouméa, escorting convoys and screening battleships and aircraft carriers. She made trips as far west as the coast of Australia and as far north and east as the New Hebrides and Wallis islands. Upon her return to Nouméa from Wallis Island on 7 August, Stanly was ordered to Espiritu Santo with a convoy. Entering Segond Channel on the 11th, she underwent 13 days availability before exiting the channel for Fila Island, also in the New Hebrides. On this passage, she was accompanied by destroyers Charles Ausburne (DD-570), Claxton (DD-571), and Dyson (DD-572). The four destroyers arrived at Fila on the 24th and stood out again the next day, bound for the Solomons.
By 27 August, Stanly and the other three destroyers were off Guadalcanal, patrolling the anchorage at Lengo Channel. The Solomons-Bismarcks area was to be her theater of operations until late February 1944. On 28 August, she stopped at Tulagi; then, steamed on to patrol the entrance to Kula Gulf, between Kolombangara and New Georgia, and returned the next day to Port Purvis on Florida Island. During the first week in September, Stanly sailed between Port Purvis and Tulagi; then, on the 8th, escorted a convoy out of Purvis Bay. The destroyer parted company with the convoy on 10 September and headed on to New Caledonia. Arriving in Nouméa on the 13th, she underwent boiler repairs, exchanged ammunition and torpedoes, fueled, and departed on 29 September.
She escorted another convoy from New Caledonia to Guadalcanal in October, leaving it off Lunga Point on the 5th. After stopping at Espiritu Santo on 8 October, Stanly returned to Post Purvis to fuel and pick up another convoy. For the rest of October, she continued to guard the convoys from Florida Island to various islands in the Solomons. On the last day of the month, she stood out of Purvis Bay and joined Task Force 39 (TF 39). During the following evening and night, Stanly fought off an attack by Japanese motor torpedo boats while the task force pounded Buka Island. The Japanese lost at least three boats during the action. Later that night, Stanly joined the rest of the task force in shelling the Shortlands, located just off the southern tip of Bougainville, in support of the landings farther north at Empress Augusta Bay.
Late on 1 November, TF 39 sighted an enemy surface force, but was unable to engage it until early the next morning when it sallied forth to harass the landing area at Empress Augusta Bay. Radar contact was made at 02:30 on 2 November; and Stanly, along with the other three destroyers in the van, opened the battle with a torpedo attack. Though the cruisers of Rear Admiral Aaron S. Merrill's TF 39 were the star of the ensuing battle, Capt. Arleigh Burke's "Little Beavers", Stanly included, contributed by finishing off the destroyer Hatsukaze and by showering a hail of 5 inch shells on the enemy. The Battle of Empress Augusta Bay claimed one enemy cruiser, Sendai, and the destroyer already mentioned, but, more importantly. Admiral Sentaro Omori retired northward without accomplishing his mission, the landing of reinforcements at Cape Torokina. As dawn broke, the American warships steamed off toward a rendezvous with some transports. On the way, TF 39 beat off a 100-plane raid from Rabaul and, by the next day, was in port in Tulagi.
Throughout November and December 1943, Stanly operated between the New Hebrides, the Solomons, and among the various islands of the latter group. On 16 November, she joined Converse (DD-509) in shelling a Japanese submarine and, in all probability, sank it. At various times during this period, she came under aerial attack; on Christmas Eve she bombarded Massungon Island. Stanly put in at Port Purvis on the day after Christmas for logistics and, eight days later, departed for Espiritu Santo and availability and exercises.

On 29 January 1944, she completed underway exercises and reentered Port Purvis. She stood out again the next day; patrolled around Buka Island, Choiseul Bay, Bougainville, and Green Island; and bombarded the west coast of Bougainville, the east coast of Buka, and the east coast of Bougainville, before retiring to Florida Island. Stanly entered Purvis Bay on 11 February and departed again on the 13th. She feinted toward Espiritu Santo; then, under the cover of darkness, turned north and headed for Green Island, where she supported the landings on 14 and 15 February.
By the 22nd, she was cruising the Kavieng-New Hanover area of the "Bismarcks Barrier". On that day, she sank a seagoing tug and helped sink the small minelayer Nasami. For the next month, Stanly continued to operate with TF 39, conducting antishipping sweeps of the Kavieng-Rabaul sea lanes and bombarding various enemy positions in the Bismarcks. She also returned periodically to escort supply echelons among the several islands in the Solomons group.
As the emphasis shifted from the South Pacific to the Central Pacific in early 1944, so too, did the need for destroyers. On 24 March, Stanly exited Purvis Bay and, by the 30th, was cruising in the screen of Vice Admiral Marc A. Mitscher's Fast Carrier Task Force (then-called TF 58) as it launched planes against the Palau Islands. On the next day, she sailed north of Palau as Task Group 58.4 (TG 58.4) sent strikes against both Palau and Yap. The carriers' planes hit Woleai on 1 April and began retiring to Majuro. Stanly arrived in Majuro lagoon on the 6th and underwent repairs until the 30th. She spent the month of May in operations and exercises around Majuro. From 3 to 8 June, in company with Indianapolis (CA-35), the destroyer made the circuit from Majuro to Kwajalein to Eniwetok, leaving the latter atoll on the 8th to rejoin TF 58.
The Fast Carrier Task Force, with Stanly in its screen, opened the air assault on the Marianas on 11 June, sending sorties to bomb and strafe Guam, Rota, Tinian, and Saipan. The pilots of TF 58 added Pagan Island to their itinerary on the 12th and again on the 13th. On 15 and 16 June, Stanly escorted Task Group 58.4 while its planes attacked Iwo Jima and Chi Chi Jima in the Bonins. On the 18th, the task group rejoined TF 58 just in time to witness the Battle of the Philippine Sea, in which the United States Navy broke Japanese naval airpower. On 20 June, Stanly participated in the bombardment of Guam and Rota and, two days later, moved off to defend and support the American forces on Saipan. She continued patrols and periodic bombardments around Saipan until 3 July, when she retired with TG 58.4 to Eniwetok. The destroyer returned to the Marianas on 18 July and screened the carriers until the 31st, when she was ordered back to the United States.
Stopping at Eniwetok from 1 to 3 August and at Pearl Harbor overnight on 10 and 11 August, Stanly entered the Bethlehem Steel Co. shipyard at San Francisco on the 17th. She spent the month of September in overhaul and early October in trials. By 18 October, she was back in Pearl Harbor preparing to return to the western Pacific. Finally, on 10 November, she stood out of Pearl Harbor and, 11 days later, entered Ulithi lagoon. Stanly remained in Ulithi for the rest of November and for the first week in December. On 8 December, she escorted Boulder Victory (AK-227) and SS Elmira Victory to Kossol Passage in the Palaus.
After fueling, she sailed for the Philippines and arrived in Leyte Gulf on 11 December. The destroyer operated out of San Pedro Bay for the remainder of 1944.

Stanly, in company with Charles Ausburne (DD-570), Foote (DD-511), Converse (DD-509), and Sterett (DD-407), sortied from San Pedro Bay on 4 January 1945 and escorted the landing forces to the San Fabian and Lingayen areas of northern Luzon. Until the 27th, she patrolled the transport areas and stood radar picket duty for the assault forces while the Japanese launched the first major kamikaze onslaught of the war. By 31 January, she was back off Leyte and, four days later, entered Ulithi. On 8 February, she stood out for Saipan and arrived on the 10th. Stanly patrolled off Saipan for six days; then off Iwo Jima from 16 February until 13 March. She returned to Saipan for logistics on 15 March and weighed anchor on the 17th. She put in at Ulithi the next day and stayed until 27 March, undergoing repairs. At the completion of repairs, she headed for Okinawa, where she arrived late on the 31st.
For the first 11 days of April, Stanly moved from station to station around Okinawa on radar picket duty. On the 12th, as the "Divine Wind" again rose to gale force, she was on station north of the island. Cassin Young (DD-793) had just been crashed by a kamikaze, and Stanly was speeding to her station. Soon enemy planes were swarming around her like angry bees, and she maneuvered radically to avoid their deadly sting. In the meantime, Stanly's fighter director team took charge of the stricken destroyer's combat air patrol. Under their direction, the friendly fighters whittled away at the attackers, splashing six Aichi D3A "Val" naval dive bombers in rapid succession.
American fighters and kamikazes swirled above Stanly in a grand melee. Suddenly, out of the maelstrom of planes, a rocket-powered Yokosuka MXY-7 Ohka piloted flying bomb plunged toward her at a speed in excess of 500 knots (900 km/h). Her assailant's great speed made countermeasures impossible; and so, Stanly absorbed the kamikaze's impact on the starboard side of her bow, five feet above the waterline. The warhead punched clear through the hull of Stanly without detonating, passed out her port side, and exploded in the water close aboard. The remains of the pilot and some wreckage were later recovered from inside the vessel. Within minutes of the first attack, another Ohka headed for the ship, with the destroyer's antiaircraft guns blazing on it. The pilot was either wounded or killed, as at the last moment, the Ohka whisked over the ship and snatched her ensign from its gaff in passing. It skipped across the water like a flat stone, then disintegrated.Soon after the second Ohka's pass, Stanly was ordered to close the transports at Hagushi. On her way, she experienced her third near-fatal encounter of the day when a Mitsubishi Zero "Zeke" tried to bomb and crash into her in a single pass. Stanly's luck held as the bomb fell short and the plane overshot. Miraculously, her total casualties for all the day's action amounted to only three wounded sailors. Late that night, she entered "Busted Ship Bay" at Kerama Retto for repairs.
After 10 days at Kerama, she returned to Okinawa for an anticlimactic period of radar picket duty. She departed with an Ulithi-bound convoy on 5 May and arrived in the lagoon four days later. The destroyer underwent further repairs and exited the lagoon on the 28th for gunnery exercises. During these drills, the barrel blew off her number 5 gun, killing two coxswains. Ironically, Stanly's only mortal casualties of the war occurred during training.
The destroyer moved on to Apra Harbor, Guam, to repair the damaged gun mount. She arrived on 3 June and remained for over two and one-half months undergoing extended availability. She was still there when hostilities ended on 15 August.
On the 20th, Stanly weighed anchor, stopped at Eniwetok and at Pearl Harbor, and entered Mare Island Naval Shipyard on the 30th. On 22 September, while still undergoing overhaul, Stanly was assigned to the Pacific Reserve Fleet.
At the completion of overhaul, she steamed down the coast to San Diego to enter the Reserve Fleet, still in commission.

Stanly was decommissioned in October 1946 and shifted her berth to Long Beach, California (USA), in January 1947. She remained in the Pacific Reserve Fleet until 1 December 1970 when her name was struck from the Navy list. Her hulk was sold in February 1972 to Chou's Iron & Steel Co., Ltd., for scrapping.

Stanly earned nine battle stars for her World War II service, and the Presidential Unit Citation (US) as part of DesRon 23 the "Little Beavers", for its "extraordinary heroism in action against enemy Japanese forces during the Solomon Islands Campaign, from 1 November 1943, to 23 February 1944"—the only destroyer squadron so honored. Some live footage of her appears in the 1949 film Sands of Iwo Jima at 1hr 23min.

This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here.

navsource.org: USS Stanly
hazegray.org: USS Stanly

Hordern-Richmond was a British aeronautical engineering company that traded between 1937 and c. 1990.

Hordern-Richmond Aircraft Ltd was registered as a private company on 29 April 1937 with a nominal capital of £10,000 in 10,000 shares of £1. The objects were to carry on the business of manufacturers of and dealers in aircraft and aeronautical equipment. Frederick Gordon-Lennox, 9th Duke of Richmond with Edmund Hordern (former test pilot of Heston Aircraft Company Ltd.) originally formed the company with the intention of producing aircraft of their own design, specifically the Hordern-Richmond Autoplane, based at Denham Aerodrome. As the time did not appear appropriate, effort was concentrated on the production of wooden airscrews, with the intention of using plastics and compressed woods for the same purpose at a later date. The company employed A.A.D. Lang, who had long experience of airscrew production and Tony Fletcher as chief designer. Hordern-Richmond merged with Lang Propellers of Weybridge, and a new factory was built at Haddenham, near Thame, Buckinghamshire. In April 1940 Flight magazine reported that the de Havilland company acquired an interest in the company with A.S. Butler taking a seat on the board.

The Board and Management as constituted was: Chairman, The Duke of Richmond and Gordon; Managing Director, E. G. Hordern; Directors, A. A. D. Lang, H. S. K. Civil-Davies, C. Campbell, A. S. Butler (of de Havilland Aircraft), and C. D. Harrison; Chief Designer, A. A. Fletcher; Works Manager, A. J. Stevens; Secretary, W. J. Drummond.
The company's principal business was the development and production of airscrews using its Hydulignum laminated wood process to form the propeller blades. This product is still used today by the Permali group of companies.

In 1954 Permali Limited purchased Hordern-Richmond Limited, both companies were manufacturers of densified wood laminates and Bakelized products, Permali under the trade names "Permali" and "Dialam." Hordern-Richmond were manufacturers of "Hydulignum" wood laminates and other products. In 1956 a new Permali factory at Gloucester was opened. This factory brought together the various manufacturing processes within the Permali group, which includes Hordern-Richmond, Ltd., Hydulignum-Jabroc (Tools), Ltd., and Jabroc, Ltd., under the trade names "Permali," "Permawood," "Hydulignum" and "Jabroc," together with "Dialam" Bakelized paper bushings and "Permaglass" glass-fibre laminates.Permali companies in the UK still trading in 2013
As new composite material technologies were developed and as older technologies were replaced, there have been a number of new companies formed as a result of corporate restructuring, mergers and acquisitions. Permali Gloucester Limited now concentrates on composite materials using glass and aramid fibres, and used in defence and medical markets, and is privately owned following a management buy-out in 1998. Permali Deho Limited is owned by a German company, and continues to make laminated wood composites. Mekufa UK Limited manufactures epoxy insulation products used mainly in electrical engineering applications.

In 2014 Hercules Propellers Limited, whose principle business is a worldwide aircraft propeller manufacturer, acquired Hordern Richmond Aircraft Limited. Both companies are now based in Stroud, Gloucestershire, UK.
Rupert Wasey, CEO of Hercules Propellers and Hordern Richmond received an archive of over 100 original technical drawings for Hordern Richmond designed aircraft propellers, dating back to the late 1930s, The drawings had seemingly been lost for over half a century. In 2019, the 1942 Hordern Richmond Spitfire propeller drawings were used to enable the manufacture a new propeller blades for airworthy Spitfires.  Propellers for Spitfire aircraft and many other vintage aircraft types are now back in production under the Hordern Richmond Aircraft Limited name, supplying the community of vintage aircraft owners and operators.
In 2015 Hordern Richmond Aircraft Limited launched an aviation inspired gift collection which includes The Spitfire Pen, made from decommissioned WWII Spitfire Propellers.
Hordern Richmond still has strong links with the Duke of Richmonds family and the Goodwood Estate in West Sussex.

List of aircraft propeller manufacturers

Schiedea helleri is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae known by the common names Heller's schiedea and Kaholuamanu schiedea. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known only from the island of Kauai. It is threatened by the degradation of its habitat. It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 1996.This plant is a vine growing at least 15 centimeters long. The oppositely arranged leaves have thick blades up to 14 centimeters long by 6 wide and are mostly hairless in texture, except for a few hairs near the edges. The inflorescence is a branching cluster of flowers. The plant is easily distinguished from other Schiedea on Kauai, which are not vines.This plant was thought to be extinct until it was rediscovered in 1993. It occurs in wet forest habitat near a stream at the edge of Alakai Wilderness Preserve. By 2010 there were two populations containing up to 101 plants.

USDA Plants Profile

Deepwater Bay is a saltwater bay of the Salish Sea on the southeast side of Cypress Island in the U.S. state of Washington. It was the site of an unintentional release of aquaculture-raised Atlantic salmon in 2017, the Cypress Island Atlantic salmon pen break, initially blamed on the Solar eclipse of August 21, 2017.

U.S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Deepwater Bay

The Oriental Roller is a breed of fancy pigeon developed over many years of selective breeding. Oriental Rollers, along with all other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are descended from the rock pigeon (Columba livia).

The key hallmark of the Oriental Roller is its flying style. They show a variety of different figures in the air, which are single somersaults, double somersaults, rolling (a number of uncountable somersaults), rotation with open wings, nose dives, sudden change of direction during flight and very rarely axial turns. Some breeds fly up to 1000 m high, others stay in the air for several hours.
The aerobatics that these Oriental Rollers perform are comparable to those of the Galatz  Roller and Birmingham Roller pigeons.

List of pigeon breeds

Oriental Rollers - Pigeonpedia

Robert O'Keeffe (16 August 1880 – 1949) was an Irish hurler who played for the Laois senior team.O'Keeffe was a regular member of the starting fifteen during the 1914 and 1915 championship campaigns. During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and back-to-back Leinster medals.At club level O'Keeffe had a lengthy career, playing with Mooncoin in Kilkenny, St Peter's in Meath and Borris-in-Ossory in Laois.
In retirement from playing O'Keeffe served as a high-ranking referee and was heavily involved in the administration of the GAA. He was chairman of the Leinster Council, before serving as president of the GAA from 1935 to 1938.

Florian Rus (born April 19, 1989) is a Romanian singer and songwriter. He wrote songs for artists such as AMI, Mira, Andra, Delia, Loredana, Andreea Bălan, Alina Eremia, Lidia Buble and Corina.

Florian Rus was born on April 19, 1989, in the city of Târgoviște. The artist is the son of the Romanian folk musician Mircea Rusu.Florian Rus's debut single was released in early 2014, titled "Cum arată dragostea", and is a collaboration with Alexandra Ungureanu. In the autumn of the same year, he participated in the fourth season of the show Vocea României, broadcast by Pro TV. He was not among the finalists of the show but was noticed by Marius Moga and co-opted to DeMoga Studios as a producer.On July 1, 2019, Florian Rus together with Mira released the single "Străzile din București". The song climbed to number 1 on the Top Airplay 100 after 54 days of release, where it remained for another 14 weeks. In December 2019, the artist released his first EP, Străzile din București, which contains four tracks.
As a composer and lyricist, Florian Rus' repertoire includes songs such as "Ce zodie ești" (2016) performed by Delia and Marius Moga, "Enigma" (2021) performed by AMI and Tata Vlad or "Dependența mea" (2021) performed by Alina Eremia.In 2022, the song "Străzile din București" was included on the soundtrack of the television series Ruxx, produced and broadcast by HBO Max. On June 24, 2022, Florian Rus released "Dulce greșeală", the first single from his EP Flacăra mea geamănă, which was released on August 5.

 Extended plays 

 As lead artist 

 As featured artist 

Florian Rus discography at Discogs
Florian Rus discography at MusicBrainz

Pádraig Phiarais Cúndún (1777 – 13 March 1857) was an Irish poet who emigrated to the United States, where he continued composing poetry in Munster Irish and contributed to literature in the Irish language outside Ireland.

Cúndún was born in Ballymacoda, County Cork, and likely learned to read and write in the Irish language at a local hedge school. He emigrated to America with his family around 1826 and settled with them on a frontier homestead near Deerfield, New York. There were many other Irish-immigrants in and around Deerfield and Cúndún was easily able to remain a monoglot Irish-speaker and never learned the English language. Meanwhile, he regularly wrote and received letters in Irish from his relatives and former neighbors and remained in close contact with events in Ballymacoda. Cúndún died in Deerfield in 1857. He is buried at St. Agnes Cemetery in Utica, New York.

The Irish language poetry that Cúndún composed in America survives through the letters he wrote to his relatives and former neighbors in Ballymacoda and due to the fact that his son, "Mr. Pierce Condon of South Brooklyn", arranged for two of his father's poems to be posthumously published by the New York City newspaper The Irish-American in 1858. The first collection of Cúndún's Irish language poetry was edited by Risteard Ó Foghludha and published in 1932. Kerby A. Miller also repeatedly quoted Cúndún's poetry in the 1985 book Emigrants and Exiles: Ireland and the Irish Exodus to North America. His poetry and letters also continue to be consulted by scholars.Along with fellow Irish-language poets Diarmuid na Bolgaí Ó Sé and Máire Bhuidhe Ní Laoghaire, Pádraig Phiarais Cúndún adapted the Jacobite tradition of Aisling poetry to more recent political struggles by the Irish people. Therefore, Cúndún's poetry helped inspire the verse of more recent Irish-language poets such as Seán Gaelach Ó Súilleabháin, who adapted the Aisling tradition to the events of the Easter Rising of 1916 and the Irish War of Independence.: 238–240 Kenneth E. Nilsen, an American linguist with a specialty in Celtic languages, referred to Cúndún as "the most notable Irish monoglot speaker to arrive in this country". Nilsen also stated that Cúndún's "letters and poems, written in upstate New York to his neighbors in Ballymacoda, County Cork, represent the most important body of Pre-Famine writing in Irish from the United States".

The Dublin Review was a Catholic periodical founded in 1836 by Michael Joseph Quin,  Cardinal Nicholas Wiseman and Daniel O'Connell. The fame of the "Edinburgh Review" suggested a territorial title, and Dublin was chosen as a great Catholic centre, though from the first it was edited and published in London.

Quin had the original idea for the new journal, soon persuading Wiseman to lend his support, and next enlisting O'Connell whose Catholic Emancipation campaign he admired. Of its first beginnings Cardinal Wiseman wrote: "It was in 1836 that the idea of commencing a Catholic Quarterly was first conceived by the late learned and excellent Mr. Quin, who applied to the illustrious O'Connell and myself to join in the undertaking". Quin became the editor and chief contributor, writing five articles in the first number and four in the second. But the enterprise was not remunerative. After two numbers he resigned the editorship, being unable to devote so much time and trouble without financial advantage, but continued to contribute articles to succeeding issues. During 1842 he edited "The Tablet". 
The name was chosen because Dublin was a centre of Catholic culture, and it echoed the title of the flourishing Edinburgh Review, but the journal was actually published in London: quarterly at first, then monthly. Early issues had a succession of editors, irregular publication dates, and a lack of subscribers -which caused financial difficulties. With Henry Bagshawe taking over as editor in October 1837, things stabilized. From the first, Wiseman was determined that the review should avoid extreme political views. Charles William Russell was an early and frequent contributor and drafted a number of his colleagues at Maynooth to contribute articles as well.

According to Andrew Hilliarde Atteridge, writing in the Catholic Encyclopedia, "The review was intended to provide a record of current thought for educated Catholics and at the same time to be an exponent of Catholic views to non-Catholic inquirers." Beginning ahead of the Oxford Movement, it published articles which influenced the religious thought of the times. In August 1839 an article by Wiseman caught the attention of John Henry Newman. Gradually, Tractarian converts such as John Brande Morris and Thomas William Allies began to contribute. Wiseman had to deal with tensions between the established Catholics and new Anglo-Catholic converts, and sought to maintain a balance in the type and variety of articles printed.

When William George Ward took over as editor in July 1863, he continued this conciliatory approach up to a point, deferring editorial decisions on politics, history, or literature to capable sub-editors; but in theological matters he did not hesitate to attack the liberalism of Montalembert or Döllinger. 
After the Vatican Council, editor J.C. Headley, a Benedictine, took a more temperate line. With the wealth of publications then coming into print, it was no longer practical to engage in debate, and Headley was comfortable tracking trends and to provide a forum for leading minds to infuse the spirit of Catholicism "into literature, history, politics, and art."Later contributors to the magazine included Don Luigi Sturzo, E. I. Watkin, and Barbara Ward. In 1961, the name was changed to the Wiseman Review to avoid the confusion that it was published in Dublin, but the publication reverted to the original name in 1965. It ceased publication in 1969, and was incorporated into The Month.

Partial list

Mark Aloysius Tierney, editor c.1837
Henry Bagshawe, editor 1837-
Charles William Russell, helped edit in Wiseman's time
Charles Dolman, publisher 1838–1844
William George Ward, owned and edited during 1860s and part of 1870s
Herbert Alfred Henry Joseph Thomas, owner from 1878
John Cuthbert Hedley, editor late 1870s
Cardinal Manning, proprietor
James Moyes, editor until 1903
Wilfrid Philip Ward, owner and editor
Shane Leslie, editor 1916–1926
Denis Rolleston Gwynn, editor 1933-1939
Christopher Dawson, editor 1940-1956
Michael Derrick, editor 1956–1961

Herbermann, Charles, ed. (1913). "Periodical Literature" . Catholic Encyclopedia. New York: Robert Appleton Company.
Oxford Dictionary of National Biography

Some 19th-century editions can be read online here.

The Battle of Zorndorf, during the Seven Years' War, was fought on 25 August 1758 between Russian troops commanded by Count William Fermor and a Prussian army commanded by King Frederick the Great. The battle was tactically inconclusive, with both armies holding their ground and claiming victory. The site of the battle was the Prussian village of Zorndorf (now Sarbinowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland).  During the battle, Frederick famously took a regimental standard and led an attack himself, rallying his troops.

Although the Seven Years' War was a global conflict, it was particularly intense in the European theater based on the recently concluded War of the Austrian Succession (1740–1748). The 1748 Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle gave Frederick II of Prussia, known as Frederick the Great, the prosperous province of Silesia as a consequence of the First and Second Silesian Wars. Empress Maria Theresa of Austria had signed the treaty to gain time to rebuild her military forces and forge new alliances; she was intent upon regaining ascendancy in the Holy Roman Empire as well as the Silesian province. In 1754, escalating tensions with Britain in North America offered France an opportunity to break the British dominance of Atlantic trade. Seeing the opportunity to regain her lost territories and to limit Prussia's growing power, Austria put aside the old rivalry with France to form a new coalition. Faced with this turn of events, Britain aligned herself with the Kingdom of Prussia; this alliance drew in not only the British king's territories held in personal union, including Hanover but also those of his relatives in the Electorate of Hanover and the Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel. This series of political maneuvers became known as the Diplomatic Revolution.At the outset of the war, Frederick had one of the finest armies in Europe: his troops—any company—could fire at least four volleys a minute, and some of them could fire five.  By the end of 1757, the course of the war had gone well for Prussia, and poorly for Austria.  Prussia had achieved spectacular victories at Rossbach and Leuthen, and reconquered parts of Silesia that had fallen back to Austria. The Prussians then pressed south into Austrian Moravia. In April 1758, Prussia and Britain concluded the Anglo-Prussian Convention in which the British committed to pay Frederick an annual subsidy of £670,000. Britain also dispatched 7,000–9,000 troops  to reinforce the army of Frederick's brother-in-law, the Duke Ferdinand of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. Ferdinand evicted the French from Hanover and Westphalia and re-captured the port of Emden in March 1758; he crossed the Rhine, causing general alarm in France. Despite Ferdinand's victory over the French at the Battle of Krefeld and the brief occupation of Düsseldorf, successful maneuvering of larger French forces required him to withdraw across the Rhine.After the Battle of Kolín, having pushed the Prussians out of Bohemia in the summer of 1757, and the cleverly waged campaign in the autumn that saw Lieutenant-General the Duke of Bevern's Prussians defeated at the Battle of Breslau (22 November 1757), Empress Maria Theresa of Austria believed her fortunes were taking a turn for the better; however, the situation soon changed when Frederick defeated, first, the French at Rossbach and, then, the Austrians at Leuthen. In August 1758, Austria's ally Russia invaded East Prussia. 42,590 troops under William Fermor advanced within 100 km (62 mi) of Berlin, and were poised to join the Austrians under Field Marshal Daun. King Frederick understood that the joining of his enemies would spell the fall of Berlin and, deciding to forestall their plans, moved to the Russian rear. Fermor, who was then besieging Küstrin, learned about this maneuver from a Cossack sortie. He lifted the siege and occupied a position at Zorndorf, 10 km (6 mi) northeast of Küstrin. At the Battle of Tornow a month later, a Swedish army repulsed the Prussian army but did not move on Berlin. By late summer, fighting had reached a draw.  None of Prussia's enemies seemed willing to take the decisive steps to pursue Frederick into Prussia's heartland.While Ferdinand kept the French occupied in the Rhineland, Prussia had to contend with Sweden, Russia, and Austria. There remained a possibility that Prussia could lose Silesia to Austria, Pomerania to Sweden, Magdeburg to Saxony, and East Prussia to Poland-Lithuania or Russia: for Prussia, this represented an entirely nightmarish scenario. 
By 1758, Frederick was concerned by the Russian advance from the east and marched to counter it. East of the Oder river in Brandenburg-Neumark, a Prussian army of 36,000 men fought a Russian army of 42,590 at Zorndorf on 25 August 1758.

Zorndorf is a sizeable hamlet in a peat wilderness, full of scraggy firs, heaths, and cultivated spaces resembling light green islands in a mass of dark fir.  In the mid-18th century, it was very marshy, full of bogs; eventually Prussians developed a firm broad road, but this was not even dreamed of in 1758, when it was characterized by bog pools and a semi island some 5–6 mi (8–10 km) from the Oder river, and about 50 ft (15 m) above the river. Thomas Carlyle, who toured the ground 100 years later, investigated some of the old records: he called these marshes  "leakages"  approximately 2–3 miles broad, mostly bottomless and woven with sluggish creeks and stagnant pools.  Zorndorf lies at the crown of this morass of nearly unpassable terrain.

On 25 August Frederick's infantry attacked a Russian "Observation Corps," which consisted of young conscripts only. The Russians managed to hold their own until the famed cavalry of Friedrich Wilhelm von Seydlitz struck against them. The Russian cavalry clashed with the Prussians, but was routed and had to flee towards the lines of the Russian infantrymen who, confused by clouds of dust and gun smoke, mistook them for the Prussians and opened artillery fire.
In the meantime, Frederick's infantry fell upon the left wing of the Russian army. Frederick intended to repeat the oblique order assault that had granted him victory at the Battle of Leuthen, yet as the Russian lines were unable to retreat due to the swamps in their rear, and the left flank of Frederick's army was likewise unable to enclose the Russian lines because of the unfavorable terrain and successful Russian resistance, the battle took the course of an extremely bloody, frontal clash of the adversaries' armies within a narrow battlefield setting.During the ensuing battle, both sides quickly ran out of gunpowder and engaged in hand-to-hand fighting. When some of the Prussian battalions showed signs of tiring, Frederick himself led them in an attack. The battle was described by contemporaries as the bloodiest in the 18th century. One Prussian officer reported that "bodies of Russians covered the field row by row; they kissed their cannons while their bodies were cut to pieces by our sabers, but still they would not retreat." After the battle, Frederick famously declared that "it's easier to kill the Russians than to win over them."

The Prussians lost 11,390 men and immediately claimed that the Russians numbered 70,000 men and lost between 20,000 and 22,000 in total. Two days later they claimed to have defeated 80,000 men and killed 26,000; eventually, this inflated number rose to 30,000 dead in a letter of Frederick to his sister. The actual Russian losses were about 16,000 men, still a significant number. That the Russians took such heavy casualties and did not pull back, left an imprint on the Prussian soldiers and upon Frederick himself. Before the battle he regarded the Russian army as weaker than his own, but in this battle the Russians proved themselves tough opponents and Frederick was frustrated by their tenacity. The battle appeared inconclusive: since neither side was driven from the battlefield, both could declare themselves victorious.The Russians had no choice but to leave the region; the heavy extractions they had exacted on the countryside meant there was nothing to keep man or beast alive. The Prussians still had their supplies, but otherwise were in the same position as the Russians. Nonetheless, Frederick ended the battle in possession of the terrain, with his lines of communication intact, and his fighting force mobile. The Russians also had disputes with the Austrians. The envoy from Vienna, while in the Russian camp, cast doubts upon Fermor's competence. Fermor responded with detraction on the Austrians' abilities, who had not sent even an auxiliary corps to his assistance. The Austrians were, instead, preparing for a thrust into Saxony against the weaker army Frederick had left behind under the command of his younger brother, Prince Henry. The Austrians advanced so slowly, Henry and his army were gone when the Austrians arrived; and all they managed to achieve during Frederick's absence was to capture a minor Prussian fortress and a garrison of 1,400. Even that feat was a modest one, and achieved by Imperial (Reichsarmee) troops, not Austrian ones.After the fighting, Frederick withdrew his cavalry to stop their incessant and destructive skirmishing with the Cossacks, thereby allowing the Russian army to re-establish contact with their baggage wagons. Considering himself the victor, Fermor sent a triumphant letter to Saint Petersburg, assembled his troops into two columns and marched towards Landsberg to link up with the forces of Count Pyotr Rumyantsev. Upon hearing the news of the battle, three Allied capitals, Saint Petersburg, Vienna and Paris, celebrated a triumph. As Fermor left, Frederick was eager to proclaim it a retreat, although in reality the Russians were not fleeing and marched in perfect order, not being worried by the remaining Prussian troops. The Prussians followed them but refrained from launching another attack. This retreat prevented the Russians from reaching their Austrian allies and allowed Frederick to claim the battle as his victory, a view also popular in 19th century historiography, but historians still disputed the outcome.

Carl Röchling's 1904 depiction, Frederick the Great in the battle of Zorndorf before the frontline of the von Bülow regiment became a widely perceived symbol of the early 20th century ideal of soldiers' heroism.

Duffy, Christopher (1981). Russia's Military Way to the West: Origins and Nature of Russian Military Power 1700–1800. Routledge & Kegan Paul. ISBN 0-7100-0797-3.
Duffy, Christopher (1996). The Army of Frederick the Great. The Emperor's Press. ISBN 1-883476-02-X.
Duffy, Christopher (2005). Military Experience in the Age of Reason. Routledge.
Koch, H. W. (1993). A History of Prussia. Barnes & Noble. ISBN 0-88029-158-3.
Konstam, Angus (1996). Russian Army of the Seven Years War, Part 1. Osprey Publishing. ISBN 1-85532-585-3.
Millar, Simon (2003). Zorndorf 1758. Osprey Publishing. ISBN 1-84176-696-8..

(in Russian) Fermor's report of the battle (with a map appended)
Orders of Battle
Zorndorf 1758: Obscure Battles
Kronoskaf: Battle of Zorndorf

Iosif Samuilovich Shklovsky (Russian: Ио́сиф Самуи́лович Шкло́вский; sometimes transliterated Josif, Josif, Shklovskii, Shklovskij) (1 July 1916 – 3 March 1985) was a Soviet astronomer and astrophysicist. He is remembered for work in theoretical astrophysics and other topics, as well as for his 1962 book on extraterrestrial life, the revised and expanded version of which was co-authored by American astronomer Carl Sagan in 1966 as Intelligent Life in the Universe.
He won the Lenin Prize in 1960 and the Bruce Medal in 1972. Asteroid 2849 Shklovskij and the crater Shklovsky (on the Martian moon Phobos) are named in his honor. He was a Corresponding Member of Soviet Academy of Sciences since 1966.

Shklovsky was born in Hlukhiv, a city in the Ukrainian part of the Russian Empire, into a poor Ukrainian Jewish family. After graduating from the seven-year secondary school, he worked as a foreman on building Baikal Amur Mainline. In 1933 Shklovsky entered the Physico-Mathematical Faculty of the Moscow State University.
There he studied until 1938, when he took a Postgraduate Course at the Astrophysics Department of the Sternberg State Astronomical Institute and remained working in the Institute until the end of his life. He died in Moscow, aged 68.

He specialized in theoretical astrophysics and radio astronomy, as well as the Sun's corona, supernovae, and cosmic rays and their origins. He showed, in 1946, that the radio-wave radiation from the Sun emanates from the ionized layers of its corona, and he developed a mathematical method for discriminating between thermal and nonthermal radio waves in the Milky Way. He is noted especially for his suggestion that the radiation from the Crab Nebula is due to synchrotron radiation, in which unusually energetic electrons twist through magnetic fields at speeds close to that of light. Shklovsky proposed that cosmic rays from supernova explosions within 300 light years of the sun could have been responsible for some of the mass extinctions of life on earth.
In 1959, Shklovsky examined the orbital motion of Mars's inner satellite Phobos. He concluded that its orbit was decaying, and noted that if this decay was attributed to friction with the Martian atmosphere, then the satellite must have an exceptionally low density. In this context, he voiced a suggestion that Phobos might be hollow, and possibly of artificial origin. This interpretation has since been refuted by more detailed study, but the apparent suggestion of extraterrestrial involvement caught the public imagination, though there is some disagreement as to how seriously Shklovsky intended the idea to be taken. However, Shklovsky and Carl Sagan argued for serious consideration of "paleocontact" with extraterrestrials in the early historical era, and for examination of myths and religious lore for evidence of such contact.
His 1962 book, Вселенная, жизнь, разум (Universe, Life, Intelligence), was expanded upon and re-issued in 1966 with American astronomer Carl Sagan as co-author under the title Intelligent Life in the Universe (1966). This was the first comprehensive discussion of this field. Discussing the biological as well as astronomical issues of the subject, its unique format, alternating paragraphs written by Shklovsky and Sagan, demonstrated the deep mutual regard between the two and allowed them to express their views without compromise. 
In 1967, before the discovery of pulsars, Shklovsky examined the X-ray and optical observations of Scorpius X-1 and correctly concluded that the radiation comes from an accreting neutron star.

In the September 1965 issue of Soviet Life, he made the following statement regarding prospects for the future of humanity:

Profound crises lie in wait for a developing civilization and one of them may well prove fatal. We are already familiar with several such critical (situations):
(a) Self-destruction as a result of a thermonuclear catastrophe or some other discovery which may have unpredictable and uncontrollable consequences.
(b) Genetic danger.
(c) Overproduction of information.
(d) Restricted capacity of the individual's brain which can lead to excessive specialization, with consequent dangers of degeneration.
(e) A crisis precipitated by the creation of artificial intelligent beings.

His memoir, Five Billion Vodka Bottles to the Moon: Tales of a Soviet Scientist, was published posthumously in 1991 by W.W. Norton & Co.
In "Five Billion Vodka Bottles to the Moon", Shklovsky recalled his visit to Philip Morrison, who in 1959 had co-authored with Cornell University colleague Giuseppe Cocconi the paper in Nature magazine which marks the beginning of the modern search for extraterrestrial life, and their discussion of such issues.  Bitter over Soviet anti-semitism, of the five pioneer investigators of the field, Cocconi, Morrison, Cornell University's Frank Drake (of the 1961 Project Ozma and the Drake equation), Sagan, and Shklovsky, Shklovsky was quite aware of sharing his Jewish identity with Sagan. Indeed, Sagan's Jewish heritage was also Ukrainian Jewish.
He was known for his sharp wit and extreme likability. Colleagues in the astronomy department at the University of California, Berkeley, remember fondly his visit there in the 1970s.  Well known for his Intelligent Life in the Universe, he was asked by a graduate student if UFO sightings are as common in the Soviet Union as in the United States.  "No," he replied.  "In this area the Americans are far more advanced than us."

I.S. Shklovsky: Cosmic Radio Waves, Cambridge, Harvard University Press, 1960
I.S. Shklovsky: Вселенная, жизнь, разум (English: Universe, Life, Intelligence), Moscow, USSR Academy of Sciences Publisher, 1962
Revised and extended English translation of this book, coauthored with Carl Sagan, was first published in 1966, under the name Intelligent Life in the Universe, one of the latest reissues was published in 1998 by Emerson-Adams Press (ISBN 1-892803-02-X)
I.S. Shklovsky: Physics of the Solar Corona, Pergamon Press, Oxford, UK, 1965
I.S. Shklovskii, Supernovae, New York: Wiley, 1968
I.S. Shklovsky: Stars: Their Birth, Life, Death,San Francisco, 1978, ISBN 0-7167-0024-7
I.S. Shklovsky: Five Billion Vodka Bottles to the Moon: Tales of a Soviet Scientist, W.W. Norton & Company, 1991.

Ralph Angelo Pasquariello (May 30, 1926 – January 5, 1999) was a professional American football fullback for the Los Angeles Rams and Chicago Cardinals.

Pasquariello authored an impressive record during his gridiron career, beginning at Everett High School where he was named "all-scholastic" in 1944.

Pasquariello served in the US Army during World War II before attending Villanova University. He was a record setting fullback for Villanova from 1946 to 1949. During that four-year period, Villanova won 28 games, lost only 10 and tied 2. Pasquariello set a record for most carries with 380 and was second in individual career rushing with 1815 net yards gained.  Also during his college career, he played in the Great Lakes Bowl, was named to six all-star teams, including the All-America College Selection in 1948 and 1949, the All-American Catholic and All-East elevens, and the Associated Press All-Pennsylvania team.  In 1949, he scored the winning touchdown in the North–South Shrine Game, and was given the MVP award.

His talents spread to the pro circuit, playing fullback for the Los Angeles Rams.  Pasquariello was the first round draft pick for the Rams in 1950.  He later spent three years with the Chicago Cardinals (1951–1953).

The Annual Ralph Pasquariello Award, established in his honor by the Villanova Club of Boston, is given to the outstanding backfield performer in the Villanova-Boston College game.
In 1981, he was honored by being inducted into the Villanova University Varsity Club (Villanova University Hall of Fame).

Database Football
Football Forum
Everett High School: Alum in Pros
St. Louis Draft Picks
NFL Draft History

Asbestos ( ass-BES-təs, az-, -⁠toss) is a naturally occurring fibrous silicate mineral. There are six types, all of which are composed of long and thin fibrous crystals, each fibre (particulate with length substantially greater than width) being composed of many microscopic "fibrils" that can be released into the atmosphere by abrasion and other processes. Inhalation of asbestos fibres can lead to various dangerous lung conditions, including mesothelioma, asbestosis, and lung cancer. As a result of these health effects, asbestos is considered a serious health and safety hazard.Archaeological studies have found evidence of asbestos being used as far back as the Stone Age to strengthen ceramic pots, but large-scale mining began at the end of the 19th century when manufacturers and builders began using asbestos for its desirable physical properties. Asbestos is an excellent thermal and electrical insulator, and is highly fire resistant, so for much of the 20th century, it was very commonly used across the world as a building material, until its adverse effects on human health were more widely acknowledged in the 1970s. Many buildings constructed before the 1980s contain asbestos.The use of asbestos for construction and fireproofing has been made illegal in many countries. Despite this, at least 100,000 people are thought to die each year from diseases related to asbestos exposure. In part, this is because many older buildings still contain asbestos; in addition, the consequences of exposure can take decades to arise. The latency period (from exposure to the diagnosis of negative health effects) is typically 20 years. The most common diseases associated with chronic asbestos exposure are asbestosis (scarring of the lungs due to asbestos inhalation) and mesothelioma (a type of cancer).Many developing countries still support the use of asbestos as a building material, and mining of asbestos is ongoing, with the top producer, Russia, having an estimated production of 790,000 tonnes in 2020.

The word "asbestos", first used in the 1600s, ultimately derives from the Ancient Greek: ἄσβεστος, meaning "unquenchable" or "inextinguishable". The name reflects use of the substance for wicks that would never burn up.It was adopted into English via the Old French abestos, which in turn got the word from Greek via Latin, but in the original Greek, it actually referred to quicklime. It is said by the Oxford English Dictionary to have been wrongly used by Pliny for asbestos, who popularized the misnomer. Asbestos was referred to in Greek as amiantos, meaning "undefiled", because it was not marked when thrown into a fire. This is the source for the word for asbestos in many languages, such as the Portuguese amianto and the French amiante. It had also been called "amiant" in English in the early 15th century, but this usage was superseded by "asbestos". The word is pronounced  or .

People have used asbestos for thousands of years to create flexible objects that resist fire, including napkins, but, in the modern era, companies began producing consumer goods containing asbestos on an industrial scale. Today people recognize the health hazard that asbestos poses; the use of asbestos is completely banned in 66 countries and strictly regulated in many others.

Asbestos use dates back at least 4,500 years, when the inhabitants of the Lake Juojärvi region in East Finland strengthened earthenware pots and cooking utensils with the asbestos mineral anthophyllite; archaeologists call this style of pottery "asbestos-ceramic". Some archaeologists believe that ancient peoples made shrouds of asbestos, wherein they burned the bodies of their kings to preserve only their ashes and to prevent the ashes being mixed with those of wood or other combustible materials commonly used in funeral pyres. Others assert that these peoples used asbestos to make perpetual wicks for sepulchral or other lamps. A famous example is the golden lamp asbestos lychnis, which the sculptor Callimachus made for the Erechtheion. In more recent centuries, asbestos was indeed used for this purpose.
One of the first written descriptions of a material that may have been asbestos is in Theophrastus, On Stones, from around 300 BC, although this identification has been questioned. In both modern and ancient Greek, the usual name for the material known in English as "asbestos" is amiantos ("undefiled", "pure"), which was adapted into the French as amiante and into Spanish and Portuguese as amianto. In modern Greek, the word ἀσβεστος or ασβέστης stands consistently and solely for lime.
The term asbestos is traceable to Roman naturalist Pliny the Elder's first-century manuscript Natural History and his use of the term asbestinon, meaning "unquenchable"; he described the mineral as being more expensive than pearls.  While Pliny or his nephew Pliny the Younger is popularly credited with recognising the detrimental effects of asbestos on human beings, examination of the primary sources reveals no support for either claim.Athanasius of Alexandria, a Christian bishop living in 4th-century Egypt, references asbestos in one of his writings. Around the year 318, he wrote as follows:

The natural property of fire is to burn. Suppose, then, that there was a substance such as the Indian asbestos is said to be, which had no fear of being burnt, but rather displayed the impotence of the fire by proving itself unburnable. If anyone doubted the truth of this, all he need do would be to wrap himself up in the substance in question and then touch the fire."
Wealthy Persians amazed guests by cleaning a cloth by exposing it to fire. For example, according to Tabari, one of the curious items belonging to Khosrow II Parviz, the great Sassanian king (r. 590–628), was a napkin (Persian: منديل) that he cleaned simply by throwing it into fire. Such cloth is believed to have been made of asbestos imported over the Hindu Kush. According to Biruni in his book Gems, any cloths made of asbestos (Persian: آذرشست, āzarshost) were called shostakeh (Persian: شستكه). Some Persians believed the fiber was the fur of an animal called the samandar (Persian: سمندر), which lived in fire and died when exposed to water; this was where the former belief originated that the salamander could tolerate fire. Charlemagne, the first Holy Roman Emperor (800–814), is also said to have possessed such a tablecloth.Marco Polo recounts having been shown, in a place he calls Ghinghin talas, "a good vein from which the cloth which we call of salamander, which cannot be burnt if it is thrown into the fire, is made ..."

The large-scale asbestos industry began in the mid-19th century. Early attempts at producing asbestos paper and cloth in Italy began in the 1850s but were unsuccessful in creating a market for such products. Canadian samples of asbestos were displayed in London in 1862, and the first companies were formed in England and Scotland to exploit this resource. Asbestos was first used in the manufacture of yarn, and German industrialist Louis Wertheim adopted this process in his factories in Germany.
 In 1871, the Patent Asbestos Manufacturing Company was established in Glasgow, and during the following decades, the Clydebank area became a centre for the nascent industry.
Industrial-scale mining began in the Thetford hills, Quebec, from the 1870s. Sir William Edmond Logan was the first to notice the large deposits of chrysotile in the hills in his capacity as head of Geological Survey of Canada. Samples of the minerals from there were displayed in London and elicited much interest. With the opening of the Quebec Central Railway in 1876, mining entrepreneurs such as Andrew Stuart Johnson established the asbestos industry in the province. The 50-ton output of the mines in 1878 rose to over 10,000 tonnes in the 1890s with the adoption of machine technologies and expanded production. For a long time, the world's largest asbestos mine was the Jeffrey mine in the town of Asbestos, Quebec.
Asbestos production began in the Urals of the Russian Empire in the 1880s, and the Alpine regions of Northern Italy with the formation in Turin of the Italo-English Pure Asbestos Company in 1876, although this was soon swamped by the greater production levels from the Canadian mines. Mining also took off in South Africa from 1893 under the aegis of the British businessman Francis Oates, the director of the De Beers company. It was in South Africa that the production of amosite began in 1910. The U.S. asbestos industry had an early start in 1858 when fibrous anthophyllite was mined for use as asbestos insulation by the Johns Company, a predecessor to the current Johns Manville, at a quarry at Ward's Hill on Staten Island, New York. US production began in earnest in 1899 with the discovery of large deposits in Belvidere Mountain.
The use of asbestos became increasingly widespread toward the end of the 19th century when its diverse applications included fire-retardant coatings, concrete, bricks, pipes and fireplace cement, heat-, fire-, and acid-resistant gaskets, pipe insulation, ceiling insulation, fireproof drywall, flooring, roofing, lawn furniture, and drywall joint compound. In 2011, it was reported that over 50% of UK houses still contained asbestos, despite a ban on asbestos products some years earlier.In Japan, particularly after World War II, asbestos was used in the manufacture of ammonium sulfate for purposes of rice production, sprayed upon the ceilings, iron skeletons, and walls of railroad cars and buildings (during the 1960s), and used for energy efficiency reasons as well. Production of asbestos in Japan peaked in 1974 and went through ups and downs until about 1990 when production began to drop dramatically.

The 1898 Annual Report of the Chief Inspector of Factories and Workshops in UK noted the negative health effects of asbestos, the contribution having been made by Lucy Deane Streatfeild, one of the first women Factory inspectors.
In 1899, H. Montague Murray noted the negative health effects of asbestos. The first documented death related to asbestos was in 1906.In the early 1900s, researchers began to notice a large number of early deaths and lung problems in asbestos-mining towns. The first such study was conducted by Murray at the Charing Cross Hospital, London, in 1900, in which a postmortem investigation discovered asbestos traces in the lungs of a young man who had died from pulmonary fibrosis after having worked for 14 years in an asbestos textile factory. Adelaide Anderson, the Inspector of Factories in Britain, included asbestos in a list of harmful industrial substances in 1902. Similar investigations were conducted in France in 1906 and Italy in 1908.
The first diagnosis of asbestosis was made in the UK in 1924. Nellie Kershaw was employed at Turner Brothers Asbestos in Rochdale, Greater Manchester, England, from 1917, spinning raw asbestos fibre into yarn. Her death in 1924 led to a formal inquest. Pathologist William Edmund Cooke testified that his examination of the lungs indicated old scarring indicative of a previous, healed tuberculosis infection, and extensive fibrosis, in which were visible "particles of mineral matter ... of various shapes, but the large majority have sharp angles." Having compared these particles with samples of asbestos dust provided by S. A. Henry, His Majesty's Medical Inspector of Factories, Cooke concluded that they "originated from asbestos and were, beyond a reasonable doubt, the primary cause of the fibrosis of the lungs and therefore of death."As a result of Cooke's paper, Parliament commissioned an inquiry into the effects of asbestos dust by E. R. A. Merewether, Medical Inspector of Factories, and C. W. Price, a factory inspector and pioneer of dust monitoring and control. Their subsequent report, Occurrence of Pulmonary Fibrosis & Other Pulmonary Affections in Asbestos Workers, was presented to Parliament on 24 March 1930. It concluded that the development of asbestosis was irrefutably linked to the prolonged inhalation of asbestos dust, and included the first health study of asbestos workers, which found that 66% of those employed for 20 years or more suffered from asbestosis. The report led to the publication of the first asbestos industry regulations in 1931, which came into effect on 1 March 1932. These rules regulated ventilation and made asbestosis an excusable work-related disease. The term mesothelioma was first used in medical literature in 1931; its association with asbestos was first noted sometime in the 1940s. Similar legislation followed in the U.S. about ten years later.
Approximately 100,000 people in the United States have died, or are terminally ill, from asbestos exposure related to shipbuilding. In the Hampton Roads area, a shipbuilding center, mesothelioma occurrence is seven times the national rate. Thousands of tons of asbestos were used in World War II ships to insulate piping, boilers, steam engines, and steam turbines. There were approximately 4.3 million shipyard workers in the United States during the war; for every 1,000 workers, about 14 died of mesothelioma and an unknown number died of asbestosis.The United States government and the asbestos industry have been criticized for not acting quickly enough to inform the public of dangers and to reduce public exposure. In the late 1970s, court documents proved that asbestos industry officials knew of asbestos dangers since the 1930s and had concealed them from the public.In Australia, asbestos was widely used in construction and other industries between 1946 and 1980. From the 1970s, there was increasing concern about the dangers of asbestos, and its use was phased out, with mining having ceased in 1983. The use of asbestos was phased out in 1989 and banned entirely in December 2003. The dangers of asbestos are now well known in Australia, and there is help and support for those suffering from asbestosis or mesothelioma.

 Serpentine group 
Serpentine minerals have a sheet or layered structure. Chrysotile (commonly known as white asbestos) is the only asbestos mineral in the serpentine group. In the United States, chrysotile has been the most commonly used type of asbestos. According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Asbestos Building Inspectors Manual, chrysotile accounts for approximately 95% of asbestos found in buildings in the United States. Chrysotile is often present in a wide variety of products and materials, including:

Chlor Alkali diaphragm membranes used to make chlorine (currently in the US)
Drywall and joint compound (including texture coats)
Plaster
Gas mask filters throughout World War II until the 1960s for most countries; Germany and the USSR's Civilian issued filters up until 1988 tested positive for asbestos
Vinyl floor tiles, sheeting, adhesives
Roofing tars, felts, siding, and shingles
"Transite" panels, siding, countertops, and pipes
Popcorn ceilings, also known as acoustic ceilings
Fireproofing
Caulk
Industrial and marine gaskets
Brake pads and shoes
Stage curtains
Fire blankets
Cement pipework
Interior fire doors
Fireproof clothing for firefighters
Thermal pipe insulation
Filters for removing fine particulates from chemicals, liquids, and wine
Dental cast linings
HVAC flexible duct connectors
Drilling fluid additivesIn the European Union and Australia, it has been banned as a potential health hazard and is no longer used at all.

 Amphibole group 
Amphiboles including amosite (brown asbestos) and crocidolite (blue asbestos) were formerly used in many products until the early 1980s. Tremolite asbestos constituted a contaminant of many if not all naturally occurring chrysotile deposits. The use of all types of asbestos in the amphibole group was banned in much of the Western world by the mid-1980s, and in Japan by 1995. Some products that included amphibole types of asbestos included the following:

Low-density insulating board (often referred to as AIB or asbestos insulating board) and ceiling tiles;
Asbestos cement sheets and pipes for construction, casing for water and electrical/telecommunication services;
Thermal and chemical insulation (e.g., fire-rated doors, limpet spray, lagging, and gaskets).
Electrical wiring, braided cables, cable wrap, wire insulation (usually crocidolite)Cigarette manufacturer Lorillard (Kent's filtered cigarette) used crocidolite asbestos in its "Micronite" filter from 1952 to 1956.While mostly chrysotile asbestos fibers were once used in automobile brake pads, shoes, and clutch discs, contaminants of amphiboles were present. Since approximately the mid-1990s, brake pads, new or replacement, have been manufactured instead with linings made of ceramic, carbon, metallic, and aramid fiber (Twaron or Kevlar—the same material used in bulletproof vests).
Artificial Christmas snow, known as flocking, was previously made with asbestos. It was used as an effect in films including The Wizard of Oz and department store window displays and it was marketed for use in private homes under brand names that included "Pure White", "Snow Drift" and "White Magic".

The potential for use of asbestos to mitigate climate change has been raised. Although the adverse aspects of mining of minerals, including health effects, must be taken into account, exploration of the use of mineral wastes to sequester carbon is being studied. The use of mining waste materials from nickel, copper, diamond, and platinum mines have the potential as well, but asbestos may have the greatest potential and is the subject of research now in progress in an emerging field of scientific study to examine it. The most common type of asbestos, chrysotile, chemically reacts with CO2 to produce ecologically stable magnesium carbonate. Chrysotile, like all types of asbestos, has a large surface area that provides more places for chemical reactions to occur, compared to most other naturally occurring materials.

 Developed countries 
The use of asbestos in new construction projects has been banned for health and safety reasons in many developed countries or regions, including the European Union, the United Kingdom, Australia, Hong Kong, Japan, and New Zealand. A notable exception is the United States, where asbestos continues to be used in construction such as cement asbestos pipes. The 5th Circuit Court prevented the EPA from banning asbestos in 1991 because EPA research showed the ban would cost between US$450 and 800 million while only saving around 200 lives in a 13-year timeframe, and that the EPA did not provide adequate evidence for the safety of alternative products. Until the mid-1980s, small amounts of white asbestos were used in the manufacture of Artex, a decorative stipple finish, however, some of the lesser-known suppliers of Artex-type materials were still adding white asbestos until 1999.Before the ban, asbestos was widely used in the construction industry in thousands of materials. Some are judged to be more dangerous than others due to the amount of asbestos and the material's friable nature. Sprayed coatings, pipe insulation, and Asbestos Insulating Board (AIB) are thought to be the most dangerous due to their high content of asbestos and friable nature. Many older buildings built before the late 1990s contain asbestos. In the United States, there is a minimum standard for asbestos surveys as described by ASTM standard E 2356–18. In the UK, the Health and Safety Executive have issued guidance called HSG264 describing how surveys should be completed although other methods can be used if they can demonstrate they have met the regulations by other means. The EPA includes some, but not all, asbestos-contaminated facilities on the Superfund National Priorities List (NPL). Renovation and demolition of asbestos-contaminated buildings are subject to EPA NESHAP and OSHA Regulations. Asbestos is not a material covered under CERCLA's innocent purchaser defense. In the UK, the removal and disposal of asbestos and substances containing it are covered by the Control of Asbestos Regulations 2006.U.S. asbestos consumption hit a peak of 804,000 tons in 1973; world asbestos demand peaked around 1977, with 25 countries producing nearly 4.8 million metric tons annually.In older buildings (e.g. those built before 1999 in the UK, before white asbestos was banned), asbestos may still be present in some areas. Being aware of asbestos locations reduces the risk of disturbing asbestos.Removal of asbestos building components can also remove the fire protection they provide, therefore fire protection substitutes are required for proper fire protection that the asbestos originally provided.

 Outside Europe and North America 
Some countries, such as India, Indonesia, China and Russia, have continued widespread use of asbestos. The most common is corrugated asbestos-cement sheets or "A/C sheets" for roofing and sidewalls. Millions of homes, factories, schools or sheds, and shelters continue to use asbestos. Cutting these sheets to size and drilling holes to receive 'J' bolts to help secure the sheets to roof framing is done on-site. There has been no significant change in production and use of A/C sheets in developing countries following the widespread restrictions in developed nations.

 September 11 attacks 

As New York City's World Trade Center collapsed following the September 11 attacks, Lower Manhattan was blanketed in a mixture of building debris and combustible materials. This complex mixture gave rise to the concern that thousands of residents and workers in the area would be exposed to known hazards in the air and dust, such as asbestos, lead, glass fibers, and pulverized concrete. More than 1,000 tons of asbestos are thought to have been released into the air following the buildings' destruction. Inhalation of a mixture of asbestos and other toxicants is thought to be linked to the unusually high death rate from cancer of emergency service workers since the disaster. Thousands more are now thought to be at risk of developing cancer due to this exposure with those who have died so far being only the "tip of the iceberg".In May 2002, after numerous cleanup, dust collection, and air monitoring activities were conducted outdoors by EPA, other federal agencies, New York City, and the state of New York, New York City formally requested federal assistance to clean and test residences in the vicinity of the World Trade Center site for airborne asbestos.

 Vermiculite 
Vermiculite is a hydrated laminar magnesium-aluminum-iron silicate that resembles mica. It can be used for many industrial applications and has been used as insulation. Some deposits of vermiculite are contaminated with small amounts of asbestos.One vermiculite mine operated by W. R. Grace and Company in Libby, Montana exposed workers and community residents to danger by mining vermiculite contaminated with asbestos, typically richterite, winchite, actinolite or tremolite. Vermiculite contaminated with asbestos from the Libby mine was used as insulation in residential and commercial buildings through Canada and the United States. W. R. Grace and Company's loose-fill vermiculite was marketed as Zonolite but was also used in sprayed-on products such as Monokote.
In 1999, the EPA began cleanup efforts in Libby and now the area is a Superfund cleanup area. The EPA has determined that harmful asbestos is released from the mine as well as through other activities that disturb soil in the area.

 Talc 
Talc can sometimes be contaminated with asbestos due to the proximity of asbestos ore (usually tremolite) in underground talc deposits. By 1973, US federal law required all talc products to be asbestos-free, and today there is strict quality control in the production of talc products.  Separating cosmetic-grade talc (e.g. talcum powder) from industrial-grade talc (often used in friction products) has largely eliminated this issue for consumers.In 2000, tests in a certified asbestos-testing laboratory found the tremolite form of amphibole asbestos used to be found in three out of eight popular brands of children's crayons that were made partly from talc: Crayola, Prang, and RoseArt. In Crayola crayons, the tests found asbestos levels around 0.05% in Carnation Pink and 2.86% in Orchid; in Prang crayons, the range was from 0.3% in Periwinkle to 0.54% in Yellow; in Rose Art crayons, it was from 0.03% in Brown to 1.20% in Orange. Overall, 32 different types of crayons from these brands used to contain more than trace amounts of asbestos, and eight others contained trace amounts. The Art and Creative Materials Institute, a trade association which tested the safety of crayons on behalf of the makers, initially insisted the test results must have been incorrect, although they later said they do not test for asbestos. In May 2000, Crayola said tests by Richard Lee, a materials analyst whose testimony on behalf of the asbestos industry has been accepted in lawsuits over 250 times, found its crayons tested negative for asbestos. In spite of that, in June 2000 Binney & Smith, the maker of Crayola, and the other makers agreed to stop using talc in their products, and changed their product formulations in the United States.The mining company R T Vanderbilt Co of Gouverneur, New York, which supplied the talc to the crayon makers, states that "to the best of our knowledge and belief" there had never been any asbestos-related disease among the company's workers. However media reports claim that the United States Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) had found asbestos in four talc samples tested in 2000. The Assistant Secretary for Mine Safety and Health subsequently wrote to the news reporter, stating that "In fact, the abbreviation ND (non-detect) in the laboratory report – indicates no asbestos fibers actually were found in the samples." Multiple studies by mineral chemists, cell biologists, and toxicologists between 1970 and 2000 found neither samples of asbestos in talc products nor symptoms of asbestos exposure among workers dealing with talc, but more recent work has rejected these conclusions in favor of "same as" asbestos risk.On 12 July 2018, a Missouri jury ordered Johnson & Johnson to pay a record $4.69 billion to 22 women who alleged the company's talc-based products, including its baby powder, contain asbestos and caused them to develop ovarian cancer.

Six mineral types are defined by the EPA as "asbestos" including those belonging to the serpentine class and those belonging to the amphibole class. All six asbestos mineral types are known to be human carcinogens. The visible fibers are themselves each composed of millions of microscopic "fibrils" that can be released by abrasion and other processes.

Serpentine class fibers are curly. Chrysotile, CAS No. 12001-29-5 , is the only asbestos classed as a serpentine fiber. It is obtained from serpentinite rocks which are common throughout the world. Its idealized chemical formula is Mg3(Si2O5)(OH)4. Chrysotile appears under the microscope as a white fiber.
Chrysotile has been used more than any other type and accounts for about 95% of the asbestos found in buildings in America. Chrysotile is more flexible than amphibole types of asbestos and can be spun and woven into fabric. The most common use was corrugated asbestos cement roofing primarily for outbuildings, warehouses, and garages. It may also be found in sheets or panels used for ceilings and sometimes for walls and floors. Chrysotile has been a component in joint compound and some plasters. Numerous other items have been made containing chrysotile including brake linings, fire barriers in fuseboxes, pipe insulation, floor tiles, residential shingles, and gaskets for high-temperature equipment.

Amphibole class fibers are needle-like. Amosite, crocidolite, tremolite, anthophyllite and actinolite are members of the amphibole class.

 Amosite 
Amosite, CAS No. 12172-73-5 , often referred to as brown asbestos, is a trade name for the amphiboles belonging to the cummingtonite-grunerite solid solution series, commonly from South Africa, named as a partial acronym for "Asbestos Mines of South Africa". One formula given for amosite is Fe7Si8O22(OH)2. Amosite is seen under a microscope as a grey-white vitreous fiber. It is found most frequently as a fire retardant in thermal insulation products, asbestos insulating board and ceiling tiles.

 Crocidolite 
Crocidolite, CAS No. 12001-28-4 , commonly known as blue asbestos, is the fibrous form of the amphibole riebeckite, found primarily in southern Africa, but also in Australia and Bolivia. One formula given for crocidolite is Na2FeII3FeIII2Si8O22(OH)2. Crocidolite is seen under a microscope as a blue fiber.
Crocidolite commonly occurs as soft friable fibers. Asbestiform amphibole may also occur as soft friable fibers but some varieties such as amosite are commonly straighter. All forms of asbestos are fibrillar in that they are composed of fibers with breadths less than 1 micrometer in bundles of very great widths. Asbestos with particularly fine fibers is also referred to as "amianthus".

 Other materials 
Other regulated asbestos minerals, such as tremolite asbestos, CAS No. 77536-68-6 , Ca2Mg5Si8O22(OH)2; actinolite asbestos, CAS No. 77536-66-4, Ca2(Mg,FeII)5(Si8O22)(OH)2; and anthophyllite asbestos, CAS No. 77536-67-5 , (Mg,FeII)7Si8O22(OH)2; are less commonly used industrially but can still be found in a variety of construction materials and insulation materials and have been used in a few consumer products.
Other natural asbestiform minerals, such as richterite, Na(CaNa)(Mg,FeII)5(Si8O22)(OH)2, and winchite, (CaNa)Mg4(Al,FeIII)(Si8O22)(OH)2, though not regulated, are said by some to be no less harmful than tremolite, amosite, or crocidolite. They are termed "asbestiform" rather than asbestos. Although the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) has not included them in the asbestos standard, NIOSH and the American Thoracic Society have recommended them for inclusion as regulated materials because they may also be hazardous to health."Mountain leather" is an old-fashioned term for flexible, sheet-like natural formations of asbestiform minerals which resemble leather. Asbestos-containing minerals known to form mountain leather include: actinolite, sepiolite, and tremolite.

In 2017, 1.3 million tonnes of asbestos were mined worldwide. Russia was the largest producer with 53% of the world total, followed by Kazakhstan (16%), China (15%), and Brazil (11.5%). Asia consumes some 70% of the asbestos produced in the world with China, India and Indonesia the largest consumers.In 2009, about 9% of the world's asbestos production was mined in Canada. In late 2011, Canada's remaining two asbestos mines, both located in Quebec, halted operations. In September 2012, the Quebec government halted asbestos mining.

The most common diseases associated with chronic asbestos exposure are asbestosis (scarring of the lungs due to asbestos inhalation) and mesothelioma (cancer associated with asbestos). Mesothelioma is an aggressive form of cancer and often leads to a life expectancy of less than 12 months after diagnosis.All types of asbestos fibers are known to represent serious health hazards in humans and animals. Amosite and crocidolite are considered the most hazardous asbestos fiber types; however, chrysotile asbestos has also produced tumors in animals and is a recognized cause of asbestosis and malignant mesothelioma in humans, and mesothelioma has been observed in people who were occupationally exposed to chrysotile, family members of the occupationally exposed, and residents who lived close to asbestos factories and mines.During the 1980s and again in the 1990s, the asbestos industry suggested at times that the process of making asbestos cement could "neutralize" the asbestos, either via chemical processes or by causing the cement to attach to the fibers and changing their physical size; subsequent studies showed that this was untrue and that decades-old asbestos cement, when broken, releases asbestos fibers identical to those found in nature, with no detectable alteration.Exposure to asbestos in the form of fibers is always considered dangerous. Working with, or exposure to, material that is friable, or materials or works that could cause the release of loose asbestos fibers, is considered high risk. In general, people who become ill from inhaling asbestos have been regularly exposed in a job where they worked directly with the material.The US Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) has standards to protect workers from the hazards of exposure to asbestos in the workplace. The permissible exposure limit for asbestos is 0.1 fiber per cubic centimeter of air as an eight-hour time-weighted average, with an excursion limit of 1.0 asbestos fibers per cubic centimeter over a 30-minute period.

Worldwide, 66 countries and territories (including all those in the European Union) have banned the use of asbestos. Exemptions for minor uses are permitted in some countries listed; however, all countries listed must have banned the use of all types of asbestos.

 Australia 
The use of crocidolite (blue asbestos) was banned in 1967, while the use of amosite (brown asbestos) continued in the construction industry until the mid-1980s. It was finally banned from building products in 1989, though it remained in gaskets and brake linings until 31 December 2003, and cannot be imported, used, or recycled.Asbestos continues to be a problem in Australia. Two out of three homes in Australia built between World War II and the early 1980s still contain asbestos.The union that represents workers tasked with modifying electrical meter boxes at residences stated that workers should refuse to do this work until the boxes have been inspected for asbestos, and the head of the Australian Council of Trade Unions (ACTU) has called on the government to protect its citizens by ridding the country of asbestos by 2030.Handlers of asbestos materials must have a B-Class license for bonded asbestos and an A-Class license for friable asbestos.The town of Wittenoom, in Western Australia, was built around a (blue) asbestos mine. The entire town continues to be contaminated and has been disincorporated, allowing local authorities to remove references to Wittenoom from maps and road signs.In January 2024, asbestos was found in garden mulch supplied to dozens of sites including parks, playgrounds and schools across Sydney, triggering the Sydney asbestos mulch crisis.

 Canada 
As of December 31, 2018, it is illegal to import, manufacture, sell, trade, or use products made from asbestos. There are exemptions for its use in the chloralkali industry, the military, nuclear facilities, and for magnesium extraction from asbestos mining residues.

 Iran 
On 23 July 2000 Supreme Council of Environmental Protection of Iran banned any use of asbestos. On a note it states that after 44 years if there is no replacement technically, economically or financially the law is appealable and will be subject to review.On 22 November 2011 Iran's Environmental Protection Organization banned use of asbestos completely, it also banned all imports and exports of asbestos. On 9 October 2011 Supreme Council of Environmental Protection of Iran confirmed the new law and publicly announced it, updating and replacing the previous law.

 Japan 
Revelations that hundreds of workers had died in Japan over the previous few decades from diseases related to asbestos sparked a scandal in mid-2005. Tokyo had, in 1971, ordered companies handling asbestos to install ventilators and check health regularly; however, the Japanese government did not ban crocidolite and amosite until 1995, and a near-complete ban with a few exceptions on asbestos was implemented in 2006, with the remaining exceptions being removed in March 2012 for a full-fledged ban.

 New Zealand 
In 1984, the import of raw amphibole (blue and brown) asbestos into New Zealand was banned. In 2002 the import of chrysotile (white) asbestos was also banned. In 2015 the government announced that the importation of asbestos would be completely banned with very limited exceptions (expected to be applied to replacement parts for older machines) that would be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.North-west of Nelson, in the Upper Takaka Valley, is New Zealand's only commercially harvested asbestos mine.  A low-grade Chrysotile was mined here from 1908 to 1917 but only 100 tons were washed and taken out by packhorse. A new power scheme enabled work to renew and between 1940 and 1949, 40 tons a month was mined by the Hume Company. This continued to 1964, when, due to the short length of its fibre, the limited commercial viability forced mining to cease.

 South Korea 
In May 1997, the manufacture and use of crocidolite and amosite, commonly known as blue and brown asbestos, were fully banned in South Korea. In January 2009, a full-fledged ban on all types of asbestos occurred when the government banned the manufacture, import, sale, storage, transport or use of asbestos or any substance containing more than 0.1% of asbestos. In 2011, South Korea became the world's sixth country to enact an asbestos harm aid act, which entitles any Korean citizen to free lifetime medical care as well as monthly income from the government if he or she is diagnosed with an asbestos-related disease.

 United Kingdom 
In the United Kingdom, blue and brown asbestos materials were banned outright in 1985 while the import, sale, and secondhand reuse of white asbestos was outlawed in 1999. The 2012 Control of Asbestos Regulations, updating and replacing the previous 2006 law, state that owners of non-domestic buildings (e.g., factories and offices) have a "duty to manage" asbestos on the premises by making themselves aware of its presence and ensuring the material does not deteriorate, removing it if necessary. Employers, e.g. construction companies, whose operatives may come into contact with asbestos must also provide annual asbestos training to their workers.

 United States 

The United States remains one of the few developed countries to not completely ban asbestos. Some American workers at chlorine plants frequently come in contact with the substance, and OSHA exempts these plants from random inspections through the Voluntary Protection Program.In 1989 the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued the Asbestos Ban and Phase-Out Rule, but in 1991, asbestos industry supporters challenged and overturned the ban in a landmark lawsuit: Corrosion Proof Fittings v. the Environmental Protection Agency. Although the case resulted in several small victories for asbestos regulation, the EPA ultimately did not put an end to asbestos use. The ruling left many consumer products that can still legally contain trace amounts of asbestos. Six categories of asbestos-containing products are however banned: corrugated paper, rollboard, commercial paper, specialty paper, flooring felt and any new uses of asbestos. The Clean Air Act also bans asbestos pipe insulation and asbestos block insulation on components such as boilers and hot water tanks, and spray-applied surfacing asbestos-containing materials. The Consumer Product Safety Act bans asbestos in artificial fireplace embers and wall patching compounds. The Food and Drug Administration bans asbestos-containing filters in pharmaceutical manufacturing, processing, and packing.Starting in 2014, the state of Washington has banned asbestos in automotive brakes.

 Mexico 
Since 1970, as a result of increased regulation of asbestos in Europe and in the United States, there was a massive transfer of asbestos-processing enterprises to Mexico. Asbestos is used in many products – roofing, boilers, pipes, brakes, and wires, produced by over 2,000 Mexican companies, many of them subsidiaries or subcontractors of US companies, and sold throughout the Americas.  In 2000, 58% of Mexican asbestos-containing exports went to the United States, and 40% to Central American countries and Cuba.

 Vietnam 
In Vietnam, chrysotile asbestos is not banned and is still widely used. Amphibole asbestos is banned from trade and use. Vietnam is one of the top 10 asbestos users in the world, with an annual import volume of about 65,000–70,000 tons of chrysotile. About 90% of the imported asbestos is used to produce about 100 million m2 of cement roofing sheets (asbestos-cement). According to one study, among 300 families in Yen Bai, Thanh Hoa, 85% of households use asbestos roofing sheets, but only 5% know about the negative health effects.The master plan (for construction materials development to 2020 with orientation to 2030 submitted by the Ministry of Construction to the Government in January 2014) still suggests continued use of chrysotile for a long time.

Fiberglass insulation was invented in 1938 and is now the most commonly used type of insulation material. The safety of this material has also been called into question due to similarities in material structure. However, the International Agency for Research on Cancer removed fiberglass from its list of possible human carcinogens in 2001. A scientific review article from 2011 claimed epidemiology data was inconsistent and concluded that the IARC's decision to downgrade the carcinogenic potential of fiberglass was valid, although this study was funded by a sponsored research contract from the North American Insulation Manufacturer's Association.In 1978, a highly texturized fiberglass fabric was invented by Bal Dixit, called Zetex. This fabric is lighter than asbestos but offers the same bulk, thickness, hand, feel, and abrasion resistance as asbestos. The fiberglass was texturized to eliminate some of the problems that arise with fiberglass, such as poor abrasion resistance and poor seam strength.In Europe, mineral wool and glass wool are the main insulators in houses.
Many companies that produced asbestos-cement products that were reinforced with asbestos fibers have developed products incorporating organic fibers. One such product was known as "Eternit" and another "Everite" now use "Nutec" fibers which consist of organic fibers, portland cement and silica. Cement-bonded wood fiber is another substitute. Stone fibers are used in gaskets and friction materials.
Another potential fiber is polybenzimidazole or PBI fiber. Polybenzimidazole fiber is a synthetic fiber with a high melting point of 760 °C (1,400 °F) that also does not ignite. Because of its exceptional thermal and chemical stability, it is often used by fire departments and space agencies.

In most developed countries, asbestos is typically disposed of as hazardous waste in designated landfill sites.
The demolition of buildings containing large amounts of asbestos-based materials pose particular problems for builders and property developers – such buildings often have to be deconstructed piece by piece, or the asbestos has to be painstakingly removed before the structure can be razed by mechanical or explosive means. One such example is the Red Road Flats in Glasgow, Scotland which used huge amounts of asbestos cement board for wall panelling – British health and safety regulations stipulate that asbestos material has to be removed in specially adapted vehicles and taken to a landfill site with an appropriate permit to accept asbestos, via an approved route, at certain times of the day.In the United States, the EPA governs the removal and disposal of asbestos strictly. Companies that remove asbestos must comply with EPA licensing. These companies are called EPA licensed asbestos contractors. Anytime one of these asbestos contractors performs work a test consultant has to conduct strict testing to ensure the asbestos is completely removed.Asbestos can be destroyed by ultra-high-temperature incineration and plasma melting process. A process of thermal decomposition at 1,000–1,250 °C (1,800–2,300 °F) produces a mixture of non-hazardous silicon-based wastes, and at temperatures above 1,250 °C (2,300 °F) it produces silicate glass. Microwave thermal treatment can be used in an industrial manufacturing process to transform asbestos and asbestos-containing waste into porcelain stoneware tiles, porous single-fired wall tiles, and ceramic bricks.The combination of oxalic acid with ultrasound fully degrades chrysotile asbestos fibers.

ACM: Asbestos-containing material (technically, material containing more than 1% asbestos)
AIB: Asbestos insulating board (AIB)

Asbestine
Asbestos abatement
Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization
Medical geology
Mesothelioma Applied Research Foundation
Red List building materials
List of anti-asbestos organizations

Castleman, Barry I. (1996). Asbestos: Medical and Legal Aspects. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Aspen Publishers. ISBN 978-0-7355-5260-9.
George B. Guthrie and Brooke T. Mossman, editors, Health Effects of Mineral Dusts, Mineralogical Society of America Reviews in Mineralogy v. 28, 584 pages (1993) ISBN 0-939950-33-2.
Asbestos: an introduction by JW Cherrie
Tweedale, Geoffrey (2000). Magic Mineral to Killer Dust Turner & Newall and the Asbestos Hazard. Oxford Univ. Press. p. 336. ISBN 978-0-19-829690-4.

WHO fact sheet on asbestos
Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization
The Asbestos Information Centre Independent site with information about asbestos and its use in buildings
U.S. EPA Asbestos Home Page
British Government Health and Safety Executive (HSE)
National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health: Asbestos
World Health Organization – Asbestos page
White Gold Pioneers: Asbestos Mining Archived 3 January 2010 at the Wayback Machine – The origins of asbestos mining, illustrated with many early photographs
How to Identify Asbestos – Independent site citing how to identify the early signs of Asbestos and actions to take

Matilainen is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Kalle Matilainen (1899–1985), Finnish Olympic runner
Jukka Matilainen (1901–1967), Finnish Olympic runner, brother of Kalle Matilainen
Martti Matilainen (1907–1993), Finnish Olympic runner, brother of Kalle Matilainen

Kid Bailey (Date of birth unknown - after 1960) was a Mississippi Delta bluesman. His one known recording session occurred on September 25, 1929, in Memphis, Tennessee.Little is known about Bailey. His voice had a distinctly coarse yet youthful quality. Two of his recordings have survived: "Rowdy Blues" and "Mississippi Bottom Blues". In most digital releases, the tracks are attributed to Willie Brown yet are evidently the same artist credited as Kid Bailey on the original 78-rpm recordings.It has been remarked that "Although it's almost a cliché to say this about a blues musician from the American South, Kid Bailey was one of the most enigmatic musicians of the era." There has been some speculation that Kid Bailey was a pseudonym of the blues singer Willie Brown.Bailey's songs have been covered by Ian A. Anderson, Rory Block, Doug Cox, the Be Good Tanyas, and Thomasina Winslow with Nick Katzman.His song "Rowdy Blues" is included on the compilation album Masters of the Delta Blues: The Friends of Charlie Patton, released by Yazoo Records.

Illustrated Kid Bailey discography

Ice hockey in Switzerland is one of the most popular team sports in the country rivaling football in terms of attendances and TV ratings.

In September 1908, the Swiss Ice Hockey Association became a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation. Bellerive would go on to win the first national championship just one year later. Within a decade, the Swiss Ice Hockey Association expanded to 23 distinguished clubs.
In 1922, the Ice Hockey European Championships was hosted in St. Moritz and, two years later, Davos held the first Spengler Cup.
In 1924, the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team participated in the first ice hockey tournament at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix. Four years later, they won Olympic bronze in the ice hockey tournament at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz. The national team also won the 1926 Ice Hockey European Championship and were silver medalists at the 1935 Ice Hockey World Championships and bronze medalists at the 1939 Ice Hockey World Championships.

The Swiss Ice Hockey Federation organizes amateur and professional ice hockey in the country. The Spengler Cup is one of the biggest ice hockey tournaments in all of Switzerland and holds the title of oldest invitational ice hockey tournament in the world, capturing the attention of millions of hockey fans throughout the nation annually.

National League (NL) is the highest professional tier in Swiss men's hockey, called the National League A until 2017. Below the National League are the professional Swiss League, previously called the National League B, followed by the third-tier MySports League. The amateur Regio League comprises the 1. Liga, 2. Liga, 3. Liga, and 4. Liga, which make up the 4th, 5th, 6th and 7th levels of Swiss men’s ice hockey respectively.
The National League regularly holds the record for highest average attendances of any league outside of North America. During the 2022/23 regular season, the 14 teams achieved an average attendance of more than 7000 spectators per game.

The top women’s hockey league in Switzerland was founded in 1986 as the Leistungsklasse A (LKA; 'Performance Class A'), officially known in French as the Ligue nationale A (LNA) and in Italian as the Lega Nazionale A (LNA). It was renamed as the Swiss Women's Hockey League A (SWHL A) in 2014. In 2019, the league name was shortened to Women's League, the name currently in use, though SWHL A continues to be used for abbreviation by many sources. The EHC Kloten Specials were named the first Swiss Champions in women's ice hockey after winning the inaugural season of the league in 1986–87.
As ice hockey grew in popularity among young women throughout the nation, a second-tier league called the Leistungsklasse B (LKB), was formed in 1988. Additional lower-level leagues were created over time and eventually adopted designations as parts of the SWHL league system. As of 2021, three national leagues exist below the Women's League: SWHL B, SWHL C, and SWHL D.

The Swiss national team badge is based on the coat of arms of Switzerland and is used on the player jerseys.

Overall International Record: 519-619-125
They have 67 IIHF Championships appearances dating all the way back to 1930. This includes three distinguished second place finishes in 1935, 2013, and 2018. Additionally, they have made eight European Championship appearances, including a first place gold finish in 1921.
The men’s national team boasts a respected twenty Olympic appearances, including bronze medal finishes in 1928 and 1948.

The women's national team has participated in every iteration of the IIHF Women's World Championship since the tournament was officially established in 1990 and have played exclusively in the Top Division since 2007. They have appeared in every women's ice hockey tournament at the Winter Olympics since 2006. In addition, they participated in all six IIHF European Women Championships before the tournament was discontinued after 1995.
The Swiss women's national team boasts a bronze medal from each major international tournament. They won a bronze medal at the 1995 IIHF European Women Championships, the 2012 IIHF Women's World Championship, and in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2014 Winter Olympics.

Switzerland has produced several global iconic hockey talents that have made it to the NHL level. While not a traditional hockey powerhouse, Switzerland continues to aggressively enforce a continued & growing presence in the NHL, as well as international competition.

Aebischer was a goaltender drafted in the 6th round by the Colorado Avalanche. Although mostly relegated to backup duties for most of his career he was a member of the Stanley Cup winning Avalanche in the 2001 finals. This was notable as he was the first player from Switzerland to win the Stanley Cup. Aebischer also later played for the Montreal Canadiens and the Phoenix Coyotes along with various Swiss teams.

Streit was named the 13th captain in New York Islanders franchise history. This was a major milestone for hockey in Switzerland as Streit was the first Swiss player to be named the captain of an NHL franchise. He has also served as the captain of Team Switzerland at the Winter Olympic Games. Streit was drafted in the ninth round of the 2004 NHL Draft. He also later played with the Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins, and Montreal Canadiens.

Although Hiller went undrafted he was able to have a successful NHL career in which he played in over 400 games. Hiller started his career in Anaheim with the Ducks in 2007. He played in Anaheim for seven years before spending the final two years of his career with the Calgary Flames.

Nino Niederreiter is an NHL forward currently playing for the Winnipeg Jets. Niederreiter made history in the 2010 NHL draft when he was selected fifth overall by the New York Islanders. Although not initially finding much success initially with the Islanders, Niederreiter hit his stride after being traded to the Minnesota Wild for Cal Clutterbuck in 2013 scoring a career high 25 goals in the 2016-2017.

After being drafted in the second round of the 2008 NHL draft by Nashville he made his debut in 2011. Josi made some history in the 2013 World Championships by becoming the first player to win MVP and Best Defenseman for Switzerland in the history of this tournament in route to helping Switzerland earn a Silver Medal. Josi has since played in two NHL All Star games and been named captain of the Predators.

Meier is among the emerging young group of highly touted Swiss to enter the NHL in recent years. Meier was the ninth overall pick in the 2015 NHL draft by the San Jose Sharks. He was able to crack the NHL in the 2016 season and scored a career high 30 goals and 66 points in the 2018-2019 season.

After being a major success playing in the QMJHL for Halifax, Hischier was considered a top prospect in his draft class and was ranked number two out of North American Skaters. However, Hischier was considered the best overall player by many top NHL scouts, so it wasn’t too surprising when New Jersey selected him first overall in the 2017 NHL Draft.
 Hischier broke the record for highest drafted Swiss player previously held by Niederreiter when he was selected first overall by the Devils in the 2017 NHL draft.

There have been other hockey players of Swiss nationality to have played in the NHL recently and in the past. Some of these include Martin Gerber, Raphael Diaz, Yannick Weber, Luca Sbisa, Reto Berra, Sven Andrighetto, Kevin Fiala, Denis Malgin, Sven Bärtschi, Gaëtan Haas, Dean Kukan, Joel Vermin, Christoph Bertschy, Mirco Müller, Gilles Senn, Calvin Thürkauf and Jonas Siegenthaler.

Onyewuchi Francis Ezenwa   (born 1968) is the senator representing Imo east senatorial district in the 9th assembly and the former member of the Nigerian Federal House of Representatives He represented the Owerri-Municipal/Owerri-North/West-Federal Constituency of Imo State under the platform of Peoples Democratic Party in the Federal House of Representatives

NUJ legacy award

Jarosław Bogoria of Skotniki (Polish: Jarosław Bogoria ze Skotnik, Jarosław Bogoria Skotnicki) (c. 1276 – 17 September 1376) was a Polish nobleman and bishop, member of the Bogoriowie family of the Bogorya.

He was a son of Piotr of Bogoria and Skotniki. Jaroslaw studied law and theology at the University of Bologna, becoming provost from 1316 to 1322. Returning home, he became canon of Kraków and chancellor of the bishop of Kraków Nankier. In 1326 he became archdeacon of Kraków and in 1334 canon of Kuyavia and Gniezno. From 1331 until 1337 he was chancellor of Kuyavia. On 8 July 1342 in Avignon, Pope Clement VI appointed him archbishop of Gniezno. In 1374 he resigned for blindness and went to a monastery. He died on 17 September 1376 at Kalisz.

As a lawyer, he was the redactor of the codification of Polish criminal and civil law made at the behest of King Casimir the Great. He was also the author of the Wiślica and Wielkopolska statutes. In 1357, he convened a provincial synod in Kalisz, which passed 16 resolutions on the law and current affairs of the Church, including a decision to apply ecclesiastical punishments such as the interdict to anyone acting against the clergy or their landed estates.

He was an excellent administrator of the archdiocese entrusted to him. He launched a campaign to transfer old villages to German law, and founded many new ones, bringing colonists from Germany. He led the castellany of Łowicz to flourish. He got into many sharp border disputes with the bishop of Poznanń, especially in Mazovia. He led to the consolidation of the archbishop's estates by buying up more and more land.

He built many churches and monasteries, and generously endowed those already erected. He rebuilt the Gniezno cathedral, founded churches in Kurzelów, Opatówek, created a collegiate church in Kamien Krajenski and in Uniejów and founded a Benedictine monastery there. He built castles in Łowicz, Uniejów, Kamień Krajeński and Opatówek, bishop's mansions in Gniezno, Kalisz, Wieluń and Łęczyca, and a brick church in his hometown of Skotniki. Around 1355, when Archbishop Jaroslaw Bogoria Skotnicki erected a Gothic brick castle on the site of the old castle in Lowicz, it soon became the residence of the archbishops of Gniezno. In 1359, Archbishop Jaroslaw Bogoria of Skotniki received Siemowit III, Duke of Mazovia, in Skierniewice. In it, the prince, whose state included Skierniewice, confirmed the archbishop's ownership of the area, and bestowed new privileges on the villagers. Archbishop Jaroslav Bogoria was probably the first of the archbishops of Gniezno to permanently reside in his seats in Lowicz and Skierniewice. During his reign, Skierniewice and the entire archbishop's estate began to record economic development and quickly grew into a fairly large settlement that could be transformed into a city.

Virtual tour Gniezno Cathedral  Archived 2020-07-17 at the Wayback Machine

Fraser syndrome (also known as Meyer-Schwickerath's syndrome, Fraser-François syndrome, or Ullrich-Feichtiger syndrome) is an autosomal recessive congenital disorder, identified by several developmental anomalies. Fraser syndrome is named for the geneticist George R. Fraser, who first described the syndrome in 1962.

It is characterized by developmental defects including cryptophthalmos (where the eyelids fail to separate in each eye), and intersex development in the genitals (such as micropenis or clitoromegaly) and cryptorchidism. Congenital malformations of the nose, ears, larynx and renal system, as well as developmental delays, manifest occasionally. Syndactyly (fused fingers or toes) has also been noted.

The genetic background of this disease has been linked to a gene called FRAS1, which seems to be involved in skin epithelial morphogenesis during early development. It has also been associated with FREM2 and with GRIP1.

By autozygosity mapping, McGregor et al. (2003) located the Fraser syndrome locus to chromosome 4q21.

 Genetic heterogeneity 
In 6 of 18 consanguineous families with Fraser syndrome, van Haelst et al. (2008) excluded linkage to both the FRAS1 and FREM2 genes, indicating genetic heterogeneity.

In 5 families with Fraser syndrome, McGregor et al. (2003) identified 5 homozygous mutations in the FRAS1 gene (e.g., 607830.0001), which encodes a putative extracellular matrix (ECM) protein.In 2 families with Fraser syndrome unlinked to the FRAS1 gene, Jadeja et al. (2005) found a homozygous missense mutation in the FREM2 gene (608945.0001).In an infant girl with Fraser syndrome, Slavotinek et al. (2006) identified compound heterozygosity for a deletion (607830.0006) and an insertion (607830.0007) in the FRAS1 gene, inherited from her mother and her father, respectively.Cavalcanti et al. (2007) described 2 stillborn Brazilian male siblings, born at 25 and 29 weeks' gestation, respectively. One sibling appeared to have a lethal form of ablepharon-macrostomia syndrome (AMS; 200110) or an intermediate phenotype between AMS and Fraser syndrome, and the other had classic Fraser syndrome. Analysis of the FRAS1 gene revealed homozygosity for a splice site mutation (607830.0008), resulting in a severely truncated protein in both siblings and heterozygosity for the mutation in both parents. Cavalcanti et al. (2007) concluded that a phenotype resembling AMS is a rare clinical expression of Fraser syndrome, with no obvious genotype/phenotype correlation.In a female fetus with a normal karyotype and cryptophthalmos, ambiguous external genitalia, syndactyly, bilobed lungs, bilateral renal agenesis, hypoplastic bladder, and agenesis of internal genitalia with streak ovaries, Shafeghati et al. (2008) identified homozygosity for a splice site mutation in the FREM2 gene (608945.0002). The consanguineous Iranian parents were heterozygous for the mutation. An earlier pregnancy had resulted in the intrauterine death at 30 weeks of gestation of a male fetus with a normal karyotype in whom the diagnosis of Fraser syndrome was suggested by the presence of cryptophthalmos, syndactyly, ambiguous genitalia, imperforate anus, bilateral renal agenesis, pulmonary hypoplasia, and hydrocephalus. The authors noted that the findings in the sibs were consistent with classic Fraser syndrome.Among 18 consanguineous families with Fraser syndrome, van Haelst et al. (2008) found 9 families with linkage to FRAS1, 3 families to FREM2, and 3 families to both genes. Six families did not link to either locus, indicating genetic heterogeneity. Among a larger group of 33 families, including the 18 consanguineous families, molecular analysis identified 11 novel mutations in the FRAS1 gene in 10 families and 1 mutation in the FREM2 gene (608945.0003) in 1 family. A literature review of genotype/phenotype correlations suggested that patients with FRAS1 mutations have more frequent skull ossification defects and a low insertion of the umbilical cord compared to patients without a FRAS1 mutation, but the findings were not statistically significant.

The diagnosis of this syndrome can be made on clinical examination and perinatal autopsy.Koenig and Spranger (1986) noted that eye lesions are apparently nonobligatory components of the syndrome. The diagnosis of Fraser syndrome should be entertained in patients with a combination of acrofacial and urogenital malformations with or without cryptophthalmos. Thomas et al. (1986) also emphasized the occurrence of the cryptophthalmos syndrome without cryptophthalmos and proposed diagnostic criteria for Fraser syndrome. Major criteria consisted of cryptophthalmos, syndactyly, abnormal genitalia, and positive family history. Minor criteria were congenital malformation of the nose, ears, or larynx, cleft lip and/or palate, skeletal defects, umbilical hernia, renal agenesis, and intellectual disability. Diagnosis was based on the presence of at least 2 major and 1 minor criteria, or 1 major and 4 minor criteria.Boyd et al. (1988) suggested that prenatal diagnosis by ultrasound examination of eyes, digits, and kidneys should detect the severe form of the syndrome. Serville et al. (1989) demonstrated the feasibility of ultrasonographic diagnosis of the Fraser syndrome at 18 weeks' gestation. They suggested that the diagnosis could be made if 2 of the following signs are present: obstructive uropathy, microphthalmia, syndactyly, and oligohydramnios. Schauer et al. (1990) made the diagnosis at 18.5 weeks' gestation on the basis of sonography. Both the female fetus and the phenotypically normal father had a chromosome anomaly: inv(9)(p11q21). An earlier born infant had Fraser syndrome and the same chromosome 9 inversion.Van Haelst et al. (2007) provided a revision of the diagnostic criteria for Fraser syndrome according to Thomas et al. (1986) through the addition of airway tract and urinary tract anomalies to the major criteria and removal of intellectual disability and clefting as criteria. Major criteria included syndactyly, cryptophthalmos spectrum, urinary tract abnormalities, ambiguous genitalia, laryngeal and tracheal anomalies, and positive family history. Minor criteria included anorectal defects, dysplastic ears, skull ossification defects, umbilical abnormalities, and nasal anomalies. Cleft lip and/or palate, cardiac malformations, musculoskeletal anomalies, and intellectual disability were considered uncommon. Van Haelst et al. (2007) suggested that the diagnosis of Fraser syndrome can be made if either 3 major criteria, or 2 major and 2 minor criteria, or 1 major and 3 minor criteria are present in a patient.

The incidence of Fraser syndrome is 0.043 per 10,000 live born infants and 1.1 in 10,000 stillbirths, making it a rare syndrome.

Adnan Kanurić (born 8 August 2000) is a professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Italian Serie B club Palermo. Born in Austria, he has represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at several youth international levels up to the under-21s.

Kanurić joined Stoke City in August 2018. On 3 November 2019, he was loaned out to Grantham Town for two months. Kanurić played nine games in total for the club before the deal was terminated to allow a free transfer in early 2020.

On 7 February 2020, Fortuna Liga club iClinic Sereď confirmed the signing of Kanurić on a deal until summer 2022. He made his Fortuna Liga debut for Sereď against Ružomberok on 15 February 2020.

In October 2020, Kanurić joined Bosnian Premier League club Sarajevo.

On 20 September 2022, Kanurić signed with Premier League side Nottingham Forest on a free transfer. On 4 February 2023, he moved on loan to National League South side Oxford City for the remainder of the season, gaining the clubs first promotion to the conference league Kanurić was released by Forest by the end of the 2022–23 season.

On 12 September 2023, he joined Palermo.

Kanurić represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at all youth levels.

As of match played 19 July 2021.

Sarajevo
Bosnian Cup: 2020–21

Futbalnet profile
Adnan Kanurić at Fortunaliga.sk (in Slovak)

W. W. Fincher Jr. (May 16, 1914 – April 15, 2006) was an American politician. He served as a Democratic member for the 54th district of the Georgia State Senate.

Fincher was born in Cherokee County, Georgia. He attended Canton High School and the University of South Carolina.In 1965, Fincher was elected to represent the 54th district of the Georgia State Senate, serving until 1991.Fincher died in April 2006 at the Hamilton Medical Center, at the age of 91.

ACT New Zealand, also known as the ACT Party or simply ACT (), is a right-wing, classical-liberal political party in New Zealand. It is currently led by David Seymour, and is in coalition with the National and New Zealand First parties, as part of the Sixth National government.ACT is an acronym of the name of the Association of Consumers and Taxpayers, a pressure group that was founded in 1993 by former National Party MP Derek Quigley and former Labour Party MP Roger Douglas, a figure of the New Right who served as minister of finance under the Fourth Labour Government. Douglas' neoliberal economic policies, dubbed Rogernomics, transformed New Zealand's economy from a protectionist one into a free market through extensive deregulation. 
After Labour lost the 1990 election in a wipeout and its neoliberal faction lost influence, ACT was built mostly by Douglas' former party supporters as a new political party for 1996. The introduction of proportional representation gave minor parties a greatly increased chance of getting into parliament. Former Labour MP Richard Prebble unexpectedly won the safe Labour seat of Wellington Central, and served as ACT party leader from after the election until 2004. Under Prebble's leadership the party held nine seats in Parliament. Rodney Hide served as leader from 2004 to 2011. ACT was briefly led by former National Party leader Don Brash for the 2011 election, after which the party caucus was reduced to one seat.
ACT gave support to the Fifth National Government from 2008 to 2017. It is currently led by David Seymour, who became the party's leader in October 2014 and has been an elected MP of the party since September 2014. During the 2017 election, ACT retained its sole seat in Epsom and received 0.5% of the party vote. ACT rebounded in the 2020 election, winning 10 seats with 7.6% of the party vote. In the 2023 election ACT increased its share of the party vote to 9% and picked up an additional seat–the party's best result since its founding.Young ACT is an associated student wing.

According to former party leader Rodney Hide, ACT's values are "individual freedom, personal responsibility, doing the best for our natural environment and for smaller, smarter government in its goals of a prosperous economy, a strong society, and a quality of life that is the envy of the world". ACT states that it adheres to classical-liberal and small (or limited) government principles coupled with what the party considers as a high regard for individual freedom and personal responsibility. ACT sets out its values:

That individuals are the rightful owners of their own lives and therefore have inherent freedoms and responsibilities.
That the proper purpose of government is to protect such freedoms and not to assume such responsibilities.
All people should be equal before the law regardless of race, gender, sexuality, religion or political belief.
Freedom of expression is essential to a free society and must be promoted, protected and preserved without restriction other than for incitement, criminal nuisance or defamation.
Citizenship and permanent residency should be subject to applicants affirming New Zealand's values.

ACT has been characterised as a classical liberal and libertarian party, although its stances have changed under successive leadership and the party's support base has drawn a "big tent" and a "broad church" of voters. ACT's platform featured conservative populist policies under former leaders Richard Prebble (in office: 1996–2004) and Rodney Hide (2004–2011). Under the leadership of David Seymour (in office from 2014 onwards), commentators have identified a shift in policy to a more libertarian outlook. Seymour has stated that he does not view populism as the way to govern a country or to stimulate growth, and has accused the centre-left New Zealand Labour Party of engaging in populism in its policies on  business, spending and tax. The ACT Party emphasises the importance of  property rights.ACT wants to reduce or remove some government programmes which it sees as unnecessary and wasteful, and to increase self-reliance by encouraging individuals to take responsibility to pay for services traditionally paid for by governments. Under leader Rodney Hide, ACT New Zealand had primarily focused on two main policy areas: taxation and crime (law-and-order issues). At the 2011 general election, ACT advocated lowering tax rates and also supported something approaching a flat tax, in which tax rates would not be graduated based on wealth or income, so that every taxpayer would pay the same proportion of their income in tax. The flat tax-rate that ACT proposed was approximately 15%, with no tax on the first $25,000 for those who opt out of state-provided accident, sickness and healthcare cover. As at 2021, the party proposed reducing GST and decreasing the marginal tax rate paid by those on the median wage, but did not advocate a flat tax rate.During the 2020 general election, the ACT party campaigned on a broad policy platform. It prioritised economic recovery (see: COVID-19 pandemic in New Zealand § Long-term effects), keeping national debt low, and signing up to a CANZUK agreement which would enable free movement of people and goods between the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Canada and Australia. The party wants to protect freedom of expression and to limit funding for universities that do not uphold freedom of speech on campus. It supports immigration while it calls for compulsory measures for immigrants to assimilate and for limiting citizenship or permanent-residency status to those who pledge to uphold the values of New Zealand.

On its website, ACT states "that all New Zealanders should have the same fundamental rights, regardless of race, religion, sexuality or gender". The party says "the rights of victims should trump the rights of criminals" and has a number of tough-on-crime policies focused primarily on trying to control gangs. Party leader, David Seymour, wants to reintroduce the "three strikes law" (repealed in 2022 by the Labour Government) and to impose three-year prison sentences—without parole—on anyone who commits three burglaries. ACT advocates repealing New Zealand's 2019 firearms legislation, and taking a "tougher" stance on criminals who repeatedly offend and on those found guilty of violent crimes, while also supporting rehabilitation programs.In September 2022, the ACT Party proposed fitting ankle bracelets on young offenders aged between 11 and 14 years old to combat juvenile crime, particularly ram-raiding. Party leader Seymour argued that ankle bracelets were non-intrusive and would allow police to monitor young offenders. In response, Police Minister Chris Hipkins stated that the Labour Government was not considering the use of ankle bracelets for young offenders but would keep "all options on the table". National Party leader Christopher Luxon and education spokesperson Erica Stanford initially indicated that they would not support ACT's ankle-bracelet policy, with Stanford describing it as "heartbreaking". New Zealand rugby-league player Sir Graham Lowe criticised the ankle-bracelet policy, while Waikato retailer Ash Parmer supported it. In November 2022, National reversed its initial opposition to fitting young offenders with ankle bracelets; with justice spokesperson Paul Goldsmith stating that a law change was necessary to impose electronic monitoring or intensive supervision on child offenders aged under 12 years.In May 2023, Seymour announced that ACT, if elected into government, would build youth-detention centres run by the Department of Corrections. ACT's proposed policies include shifting management of youth offenders from Oranga Tamariki (the Ministry for Children) to the Corrections Department, investing NZ$677 million into combating youth crime over the following four years – including NZ$500 million on the construction of 200 new "youth justice beds", and $44 million per year to operate these facilities.

Members of ACT's caucus in parliament voted five to four in favour of the Civil Union Act 2004 which gave the option of legal recognition to (among others) same-sex couples. A majority within the caucus also supported the legalisation of brothels by the Prostitution Reform Act 2003. In 2005, both of ACT's MPs, Rodney Hide and Heather Roy, voted for the  Marriage (Gender Clarification) Amendment Bill 2005, which would have banned the possibility of introducing same-sex marriage in New Zealand in the future perspective.In 2013, leader John Banks (the party's sole MP from 2011 to 2014) voted in favour of the Marriage (Definition of Marriage) Amendment Bill at its third reading, a law which legalised same-sex marriage in New Zealand.ACT leader David Seymour supported the legalisation of  assisted dying. In 2018, he introduced a  member's bill, the End of Life Choice Bill, which aimed to legalise euthanasia in New Zealand. The law passed in 2019, was approved by the public in a 2020 referendum, and took full effect in 2021. Grant Duncan cited the euthanasia law as an example of ACT neoliberalism. In 2020, Seymour voted for the  Abortion Legislation Act which introduced abortion on request. However, he criticised a particular aspect of this law which created "free protest zones" which would ban protests near abortion clinics, saying this limits freedom of expression. 
In 2021, ACT expressed support for liberalisation of  surrogacy law so as to facilitate availability of surrogate services to heterosexual and same-sex couples as well. (Currently, New Zealand law permits  altruistic surrogacy only.)

ACT proposes abolition of the Māori electorate seats in the New Zealand Parliament, arguing the seats are "an anachronism and offensive to the principle of equal citizenship" and that Māori MPs have been elected in general elections on other lists without special assistance. The party also wants to reduce the number of MPs in parliament from 120 to 100.In March 2022, ACT campaigned on holding a referendum on Māori co-governance arrangements as a condition for entering into coalition with the National Party. Seymour has argued that the 1840 Treaty of Waitangi was not a partnership between the New Zealand Crown and Māori, and that co-governance arrangements created resentment and division. In addition, ACT announced that it would introduce a new law defining the principles of the Treaty of Waitangi if elected into government following the 2023 election. This law would only come into effect following a referendum held at the 2026 general election. ACT's proposed referendum and law would affect co-governance arrangements at several Crown Research Institutes, state-owned enterprises and healthcare providers such as Te Aka Whai Ora (the Māori Health Authority). However, Seymour indicated that the new law would preserve existing co-governance arrangements with the Waikato, Ngāi Tahu, Tūhoe and Whanganui iwi (tribes).Māori Party co-leader Debbie Ngarewa-Packer and Professor Linda Tuhiwai Smith described ACT's proposed co-governance referendum and policies as being motivated by racism and reflecting a Pākehā unwillingness to share power. Similarly, Waikato leader Rahui Papa claimed that ACT's co-governance policies clashed with the second and third articles of the treaty which (he argued) guaranteed Māori participation in the social sector. In response, Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern reiterated her government's commitment to co-governance arrangements. Meanwhile, National Party leader Christopher Luxon refused to commit to a referendum on co-governance, but acknowledged that further clarity on co-governance was needed.In October 2022, ACT released a discussion document entitled "Democracy or co-government?" which proposed a new Treaty Principles Act that would end the focus on partnership between Māori and the Crown and interpret "tino rangatiratanga" solely as property rights. By contrast, most scholars of the Māori language define "tino rangatiratanga" as the equivalent of "self-determination" in the English language. The proposed Treaty Principles Act does not mention Māori, the Crown, iwi (tribes), and hapū (subgroups) but refers only to "New Zealanders".  ACT Party leader Seymour refused to identify whom his party had consulted when developing its co-governance and Treaty of Waitangi policies, particularly its redefinition of "tino rangatiratanga" as property rights. As part of ACT's "colour-blind" policies, its social-development spokesperson Karen Chhour advocated the abolition of Te Aka Whai Ora.Following the 2023 election and the formation of a National-led coalition government, ACT embarked on a public information campaign in early February 2024 to promote its Treaty Principles bill. This campaign includes the creation of a new website called "treaty.nz," which has a Questions and Answers section outlining the party's approach to the principles of the Treaty of Waitangi and a video featuring Seymour. Seymour also contested claims that the opposition was trying to rewrite or abolish the Treaty of Waitangi. The public information campaign also came after a leaked Justice Ministry memo claimed that the proposed bill clashed with the text of the Treaty.

ACT went into the 2008 general election with a policy that in part stated "New Zealand is not warming" and that their policy goal was to ensure "That no New Zealand government will ever impose needless and unjustified taxation or regulation on its citizens in a misguided attempt to reduce global warming or become a world leader in carbon neutrality". In September 2008, ACT Party Leader Rodney Hide stated "that the entire climate change – global warming hypothesis is a hoax, that the data and the hypothesis do not hold together, that Al Gore is a phoney and a fraud on this issue, and that the emissions trading scheme is a worldwide scam and swindle." The former party leader has been branded as an "outspoken Kiwi  climate change sceptic".  In February 2016, ACT deleted this climate-change policy from their website, and party leader David Seymour criticised the Green Party for doing "bugger all for the environment".ACT placed Chris Baillie fourth on its  party list of candidates in the 2020 election; he has received criticism over his views on climate change, and been labelled a climate-change sceptic. In a 2020 report by OraTaiao, the independent New Zealand climate-and-health council, ACT was listed as a party that would "either make climate change worse or do nothing". The party finished in 9th place in the council's pre-election scorecard, scoring 1.1 (one point one) out of 24. However, in the runup to the 2020 election, Environmental Defence Society chief executive Gary Taylor said that even ACT had moved its position from where it had been. He was largely critical of the party, saying: "ACT have been very outspoken about wanting to go hard to repeal a lot of climate change legislation, and I haven't seen much from New Zealand First, mainly just silence." He also stated: "I think the only upside from ACT really on climate change is they do seem to have moved from outright deniers – which is where the party was five years ago. [With] a strong ACT presence you could expect some of their radical and unhelpful policies to potentially be implemented, and that is frankly a scary proposition."In early December 2020, the New Zealand Parliament officially declared a climate emergency, of which ACT was critical, stating, "Today's climate emergency was a triumph for post-rational politics with feelings rather than facts driving the Government's response to climate change". The party supports repealing the 2019 "Zero Carbon Act".

In 2019, ACT expressed sympathy with the Hong Kong pro-democracy protestors during the 2019–20 Hong Kong protests with party leader David Seymour speaking at a Hong Kong pro-democracy rally at the University of Auckland. The party argued that the New Zealand government should condemn efforts by the Chinese government to restrict freedom of speech in Hong Kong and criticized the Chinese Consulate-General for praising a Chinese student who had assaulted a pro-democracy activist in Auckland.In response to the 2023 Israel–Hamas war, Seymour as ACT leader issued a statement in support of Israel and condemned Hamas terrorism. ACT also accused Labour Foreign Minister  Nanaia Mahuta for not explicitly opposing Hamas' actions.

The name comes from the initials of the Association of Consumers and Taxpayers, founded in 1993 by Sir Roger Douglas and Derek Quigley. Douglas and Quigley intended the Association to serve as a pressure-group promoting Rogernomics—the name given to the radical free-market policies implemented by Douglas as Minister of Finance between 1984 and 1988. The Association grew out of the 'Backbone club', a ginger group in the Labour Party that supported Douglas and his policies. In 1996, New Zealand switched to using the MMP electoral system. The new electoral system gave smaller groups a much better chance of entering Parliament, and encouraged the Association to transform into a political party and contest elections. The nascent party's manifesto was based upon a book written by Douglas entitled Unfinished Business. Douglas served as ACT's first leader, but soon stood aside for Richard Prebble (his old ally from their days in the Labour Party).

Under Douglas, ACT had languished at 1% in opinion polls, but with Prebble's populist rhetoric the party increased in support. In the 1996 election, ACT fielded 56 list candidates. Prebble won the Wellington Central electorate, and with 6.10% of the total party vote, ACT also sent seven list MPs to the 45th New Zealand Parliament.In the 1999 election, ACT obtained 7.04% of the party vote, making it eligible for nine list MPs.In the 2002 election, ACT obtained 7.14% of the party vote, making it eligible for nine list MPs.On 2 December 2004, both Douglas and Quigley announced that they would step down as patrons of ACT. They stated as the reason that they wished to have more freedom to disagree with the party publicly.

Prebble's sudden departure from the leadership of ACT in 2004 signalled a decline in the party's electoral fortunes. Rodney Hide led ACT into the 2005 election. It obtained 1.51% of the party vote, but due to Hide winning the seat of Epsom, it did not need to obtain the necessary 5% threshold of the party vote. This was only enough to allow one list MP Heather Roy, to join Hide in parliament.

In the 2008 New Zealand general election, ACT fielded 61 list candidates, starting with Rodney Hide, Heather Roy, Sir Roger Douglas, John Boscawen, David Garrett and Hilary Calvert. The election marked an improvement in ACT's fortunes. Hide retained his Epsom seat and ACT's share of the party vote increased to 3.65% (up from the 1.5% gained in the 2005 election). The combination allowed the party five MPs in total.In addition, the National Party won the most seats overall, forming a minority government, the Fifth National Government of New Zealand, with the support of ACT as well as the Māori Party and United Future. John Key offered both Hide and Roy posts as Ministers outside Cabinet: Hide became Minister of Local Government, Minister for Regulatory Reform and Associate Minister of Commerce, while Roy became Minister of Consumer Affairs, Associate Minister of Defence and Associate Minister of Education.After 2008, some caucus MPs and organisational members became dissatisfied with ACT's coalition partner status and argued at ACT's national conference (27 February 2010) that there were insufficient fiscal responsibility policy gains for their party and that the National Party had slid from its earlier commitment to the politics of fiscal responsibility over the course of the previous decade. Throughout 2009, there had been at least one reported ACT caucus coup attempt against Hide's leadership, believed to have been led by Deputy Leader Heather Roy and Roger Douglas. However, it faltered when Prime Minister Key supported Hide's retention and threatened a snap election. In addition, the party's polling of a lowly one to two percent in most opinion polls meant only Heather Roy might accompany Hide after any forthcoming general election, if Hide retained ACT's Epsom pivotal electorate seat.On 28 April 2011, Hide announced that he was resigning the ACT leadership in favour of former National Party leader and Reserve Bank Governor Don Brash who joined the party that morning. Brash's leadership was unanimously approved by the party board and parliamentary caucus on 30 April. Brash promised to focus the party on controlling government debt, equality between Māori and non-Māori, and rethinking the Emissions Trading Scheme, with a target of getting 15 percent of the party vote in the next election.In November 2011, a recording of a conversation held between John Key and the former National Party member and former Mayor of Auckland City John Banks, who had been selected as the new ACT candidate in Epsom, was leaked to Herald on Sunday. 3 News also obtained copies of the recording suggesting the two politicians were discussing issues related to ACT New Zealand's leadership. Media dubbed the affair teapot tape.

In the 2011 New Zealand general election, ACT fielded 55 list candidates, starting with new leader Don Brash, Catherine Isaac, Don Nicolson, John Banks, David Seymour and Chris Simmons. The election was a disappointment for ACT, with the party's worst election result since it began in 1996. John Banks retained the Epsom seat for ACT, however the 34.2% majority held by Rodney Hide was severely cut back to 6.3% as large numbers of Labour and Green voters in Epsom tactically split their vote and gave their electorate vote to the National candidate Paul Goldsmith. Nationwide, ACT received only 1.07% of the party vote, placing eighth out of 13 on party vote percentage. As a result, ACT were only entitled to one seat in the new Parliament, filled by John Banks. Subsequently, Don Brash announced that he had stepped down as leader during his speech on election night. Following the 2011 general election John Banks stated that he believed that the ACT brand "...just about had its use-by date..." and needed to be renamed and relaunched.Their previous partners, the National Party, again won the most seats overall, and formed a minority government. The Fifth National Government of New Zealand had ACT support as well as that of United Future and the Māori Party, providing the coalition with confidence and supply.

At the ACT Board meeting of 2 February 2014, Jamie Whyte became the party's leader-elect, and David Seymour was made the ACT candidate for Epsom. Kenneth Wang was appointed deputy leader on 15 April 2014. In the September 2014 general election, Seymour won his seat, and ACT moved from seventh to sixth place, despite a decline in their share of the popular vote. Seymour took over as party leader on 3 October 2014.

Wang resigned as deputy leader on 9 July 2017, the same day ACT released its party list; Beth Houlbrooke was announced as his replacement.The party list had 39 candidates, none of whom were elected. Party leader David Seymour was re-elected in the Epsom electorate, giving the party its only seat.

In the run-up to the 2020 general election, ACT rose in opinion polls, from under 1% to close to 8%. This rise was attributed to Seymour's personal popularity. Following the election, held on 17 October (postponed from September), ACT increased their share of the party vote to 7.6%, winning 10 seats including Seymour's Epsom seat and nine from the party list. This was the party's best-ever result. Some political analysists attributed ACT's strong result as partly benefiting from the collapse in support for the National Party and New Zealand First.In late April 2021, the ACT party sponsored motion asking the New Zealand Parliament to debate and vote on the issue of human rights abuses against the Uyghur ethnic minority community in China's Xinjiang province. In early May, the incumbent Labour Party revised the motion to raise concerns about human rights abuses in Xinjiang but omitting the term genocide, which was subsequently adopted by the New Zealand Parliament on 5 May. In response, the Chinese Embassy claimed that the motion made "groundless accusations" of human rights abuses against China and constituted an interference in China's internal affairs.On 19 May 2021, the ACT Party opposed Green Party MP Golriz Ghahraman's motion calling for members of parliament to recognise the rights of Palestinians to self-determination and statehood while reaffirming its support for a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict. Deputy Leader Van Velden justified ACT's opposition to the Green motion on the basis of  Green MP Ricardo Menéndez March's tweet that said "From the river to the sea, Palestine will be free!."

Final results of the 2023 general election indicated that ACT won 8.64% of the party vote, resulting in 11 seats. Seymour retained his Epsom seat and Deputy Leader Brooke van Velden won the Tāmaki electorate. In November 2023, ACT entered into a coalition deal with the National party to form part of the Sixth National Government of New Zealand.As part of National's coalition agreement with ACT, the Government would adopt ACT's policies of restoring interest deductibility for rental properties and pet bonds. In addition to adopting National's youth crime and gang policies, the new Government would adopt ACT's policies of rewriting firearms legislation. The new Government would also scrap the previous Labour Government's fair pay agreements, proposed hate speech legislation, co-governance policies, Auckland light rail, Three Waters reform programme, and Māori Health Authority. The Government would also establish a new Ministry for Regulation headed by Seymour that would review the quality of new and existing legislation. While National did not support Act's proposed referendum on the principles of the Treaty of Waitangi, the Government would introduce a Treaty Principles Act and amend exiting Treaty of Waitangi legislation to focus on the "original intent of the legislation."Within the National-led coalition government, Seymour became the first Minister for Regulation and was designated as Deputy Prime Minister from 31 May 2025. Van Velden became Minister of Internal Affairs and Minister for Workplace Relations and Safety. Nicole McKee became Minister for Courts and Associate Minister of Justice (firearms). Andrew Hoggard was appointed as Minister for Biosecurity and Food Safety while Karen Chhour was appointed as Minister for Children and Minister for the Prevention of Family and Sexual Violence. Simon Court was appointed as Parliamentary Under-Secretary for the Minister for Infrastructure and RMA Reform.On 7 February 2024, the ACT Party launched a campaign to support its Treaty Principles Bill, aiming to "restore the meaning of the Treaty of Waitangi to what was actually written and signed in 1840." ACT also reiterated its call for a referendum on the Treaty's application if the bill progresses past the initial stages. Opposition to the bill included criticism from Te Pāti Māori co-leader Debbie Ngarewa-Packer, who accused Seymour of deliberately trying to divide New Zealand, and outgoing Labour MP Kelvin Davis, who stated that his party will continue to oppose the "Pākehā Government spiders".

The ACT party board appoints a leader and deputy leader recommended by the party caucus; when the party leader is not a member of parliament, a separate parliamentary leader is chosen by the caucus. The organisation outside parliament is led by a party president and party vice-president.

Ken Shirley (1996–2004)
Muriel Newman (2004–2006)
Heather Roy (2006–2010)
John Boscawen (2010–2011)
Kenneth Wang (2014–2017)
Beth Houlbrooke (2017–2020)
Brooke van Velden (2020–present)

No MPs (1994–1996)
Richard Prebble (1996–2004)
Rodney Hide (2004–2011)
John Boscawen (2011)
John Banks (2011–2014)
David Seymour (2014–present)

Rodney Hide (1994–1996)
Roger Douglas (1996–2001)
Catherine Isaac (2001–2006)
Garry Mallett (2006–2009)
Michael Crozier (2009–2010)
Chris Simmons (2010–2013)
John Boscawen (2013–2014)
John Thompson (2014–2017)
Ruwan Premathilaka (2017–2019)
Tim Jago (2019–2023)
Henry Lynch (2023–current)

David Schnauer (1999–2000)
Rodney Hide (2000–2001)
Vince Ashworth (2001–2004)
John Ormond (2004–2006)
Trevor Loudon (2006–2008)
Michael Crozier (2008–2009)
Dave Moore (2009–2010)
Bruce Haycock (2010–2014)
Beth Houlbrooke (2014–2016)
Heather Anderson (2016–2017)
Michaela Draper (2017–2018)
Beth Houlbrooke (2018–2020)
Isaac Henderson (2020–2022)
Henry Lynch (2022–2023)
Catherine Isaac (2023–current)

Stephen Berry (born 1983), politician, political commentator, internet personality, and comedian. Berry was an ACT candidate in 2014, 2017, 2018, and 2020.
Allan Birchfield (born 1949/1950), coal and gold miner, chairman of the West Coast Regional Council. Birchfield was an ACT candidate in 2011.
Barry Brill (born 1940), lawyer, politician, parliamentary under-secretary. Brill was an ACT candidate in 2011.
Bob Clarkson (born 1939), National Member of Parliament. Clarkson was an ACT candidate in 2011.
Andrew Falloon (born 1983), National Member of Parliament. Falloon was an ACT list candidate in 2005 and 2008.
Jo Giles (1950–2011), television presenter and representative sportswoman. Giles was an ACT candidate in 2005.
Catherine Isaac, president of ACT New Zealand, managing director of Awaroa Partners, former director of JM Communications. Isaac was an ACT list candidate in 2011.
John Lithgow (1933–2004), National Member of Parliament. Lithgow was an ACT candidate in Whanganui in 1996.
Garry Mallett (born 1960/1961), politician, fourth President of ACT New Zealand, former owner-operator of a Hamilton branch of Les Mills International. Mallett was an ACT candidate in Hamilton West in 1996, Hamilton East in 2005, Hamilton East in 2008.
Dick Quax (1948–2018), Dutch-born New Zealand runner, one-time world record holder in the 5000 metres, and local-body politician. Quax was an ACT candidate in 1999 and 2002.
Graham Scott (born 1942), official of the New Zealand government. Scott was an ACT candidate in 2005.

Historic liberalism in New Zealand
List of libertarian political parties
Rogernomics

ACT New Zealand
ACT on Campus ACT's Youth Wing
ACT New Zealand at Curlie
Is this the end of the road for Act? – New Zealand Herald article

Stephanie Zimbalist (born October 8, 1956) is an American actress best known for her role as Laura Holt in the NBC detective series Remington Steele.

Stephanie Zimbalist, who was born in New York City, is the daughter of Loranda Stephanie (née Spalding) and actor Efrem Zimbalist Jr., who starred in the television series 77 Sunset Strip and The FBI as well as theatrical films. The family soon moved to Los Angeles, where Stephanie grew up. She was educated at the Marlborough School (Los Angeles) and graduated from Foxcroft School in Middleburg, Virginia. She attended the Juilliard School before commencing her acting career.Zimbalist's paternal grandfather, Efrem Zimbalist, born in Rostov-on-Don, Russia, was a symphony conductor, concert violinist and music teacher at the Curtis Institute in Philadelphia, and composer. Her paternal grandmother, Alma Gluck, born in Romania, was a leading soprano of her day.
Zimbalist's aunt, Marcia Davenport, was a prominent author, music journalist and historian.

Zimbalist's early television and movie appearances include The Gathering (1977, with Edward Asner), In the Matter of Karen Ann Quinlan (1977), Forever (1978), The Magic of Lassie (1978), Long Journey Back (TV, 1978), The Triangle Factory Fire Scandal (1979), The Awakening (1980, with Charlton Heston), The Golden Moment (1980), in which she played a Soviet Olympic gymnast, The Babysitter (1980) and Tomorrow's Child (TV, 1982). She co-starred with her father, Efrem Zimbalist Jr., in the tragic 1979 TV movie The Best Place to Be.
Another early role for Zimbalist was that of Elly Zendt in the mini-series Centennial, based on James Michener's epic novel of the same name, which was first televised on NBC between October 1978 and February 1979. She also guest starred as Josephine "Josie" Collins in the television series Family episode "Ballerina" (1979).
In her TV work, Zimbalist is best known in the TV role of sleuth Laura Holt in the NBC series Remington Steele (1982–87) opposite Pierce Brosnan and Doris Roberts, on which her father also guest-starred.
Since then, Zimbalist has taken leading roles in several television movies such as The Man in the Brown Suit (1988), the Emmy Award winning Caroline? (1990), The Great Elephant Escape (1995), and some guest roles in television series such as Touched by an Angel and Diagnosis Murder.

In 1979, she appeared as Miranda in John Hirsch's production of The Tempest with Anthony Hopkins (as Prospero), Brent Carver, and Michael Bond at the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles.
Zimbalist played opposite Tommy Tune in the touring musical My One and Only, taking the featured role of "Edith Herbert". She has made several appearances with the Rubicon Theatre Company in Ventura, California, winning the local critics' "Robby Award" for Best Actress in a Drama in The Rainmaker, at the Rubicon community theatre in 2001. Throughout the 2000s, Zimbalist took roles in plays concerning nineteenth-century artists including Chopin, Tchaikovsky and Van Gogh.She also played Christa McAuliffe in the play Defying Gravity in 2003, written by Jane Anderson.In 2009 she portrayed actress Katharine Hepburn in Tea at Five.Other work
Zimbalist has also released audiobooks, including The Girls, which won a Listen-Up award in 2006, and Queen of the Underworld.She appeared in the 2006 documentary Christa McAuliffe: Reach for the Stars.

In a 2016 interview she described attending a Billy Graham crusade over 15 years prior with Dean Butler, and both going down to "accept the Lord." She expressed, "I have a personal connection with my Savior... I feel very beholden to Him--for me it's a him--I feel He's there for me in my darkest moments." In the same interview she mentioned years ago moving out of an "inappropriate relationship" with a married man, though still remaining friends.

Stephanie Zimbalist at IMDb

Alexandre Carrier (born October 10, 1996) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman for the  Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted by the Predators in the fourth round, 115th overall, in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.

Carrier was born on October 10, 1996, in Quebec City, Quebec. He was born into a ice hockey family as his father played major junior ice hockey for the Quebec Remparts, while his brother was drafted by the Washington Capitals.

Carrier played amateur midget junior ice hockey in his native Quebec, with Collège Antoine-Girouard Gaulois of the QMAAA. He embarked on a major junior career, after he was selected fourth overall in the 2012 QMJHL Entry Draft, by the Gatineau Olympiques. A mobile, two-way defenceman, following a breakout 55-point campaign in the 2014–15 season, Carrier was selected in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft by the Nashville Predators.
During his final junior season with the Olympiques, Carrier was signed to his first NHL contract, agreeing to a three-year, entry-level deal with the Predators on November 12, 2015. Limited to 57 games with Gatineau in the 2015–16 season, Carrier matched his previous goal total with 12 and contributed with 47 points before suffering a second-round defeat in the postseason.
In his first professional season and after attending the Predators training camp, Carrier was assigned to begin the 2016–17 season in the AHL with affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals. He made a seamless transition to the AHL ranks, leading the Admirals' defence in scoring and earning selection to the AHL All-Star Game before he received his first NHL recall on January 13, 2017. He made his NHL debut with the Predators in a 1–0 loss to the Vancouver Canucks on January 21. He was returned to the Admirals after two scoreless games with Nashville.

Biographical information and career statistics from NHL.com, or Eliteprospects.com, or Eurohockey.com, or Hockey-Reference.com, or The Internet Hockey Database

Caladenia applanata subsp. erubescens, commonly known as the rose spider orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a relatively common orchid with a single erect, hairy leaf and up to three uniformly pink, sweet-smelling flowers which have a broad, flattened labellum.

Caladenia applanata subsp. erubescens is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single, broad, hairy leaf, 120–200 mm (5–8 in) long and 5–10 mm (0.2–0.4 in) wide. Up to three pink, sweetish-smelling flowers 80–100 mm (3–4 in) long and 60–80 mm (2–3 in) wide are borne on a stalk 250–400 mm (10–20 in) tall. The sepals have narrow, light brown, club-like glandular tips. The dorsal sepal is erect and the lateral sepals and petals spread stiffly near their bases, then turn downwards. The labellum is pink, 20–23 mm (0.8–0.9 in) long, 11–15 mm (0.4–0.6 in) wide, the sides have many spreading teeth up to 4 mm (0.2 in) long and there are four or more rows of crowded, deep red calli along its centre. Flowering occurs from September to late October. This subspecies differs from subspecies applanata in having pink flowers.

Caladenia erubescens was first formally described in 2001 by Stephen Hopper and Andrew Phillip Brown. Hopper and Brown described two subspecies including Caladenia applanata subsp. erubescens and the description was published in Nuytsia. The subspecies name (erubescens) is a Latin word meaning "growing red", "redden" or "blush", referring to the pink colour of the flowers of this orchid.

The rose spider orchid grows in low heath in coastal areas between William Bay and Albany in the Warren biogeographic region.

Caladenia applanata subsp. erubescens is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife.

The Worcester and Shrewsbury Railroad was a narrow gauge railroad line in eastern Worcester, Massachusetts, United States. It opened in 1873 and was converted to a standard-gauge streetcar line in 1896–1900.

The Worcester and Shrewsbury Railroad was 2.7 miles (4.3 km) long and ran entirely within the city of Worcester. It was originally built to 3 ft (914 mm) narrow gauge.: 2  The line's western terminal was near Washington Square, just north of where Union Station was built in 1875. It ran east and northeast along Shrewsbury Street, East Worcester Street, private right-of-way, and Albany Street. From Adams Street to Natick Street, it ran along the north side of the Boston and Albany Railroad (B&A) right-of-way. While the B&A ran in the aptly-named "Deep Cut", the W&S stayed at ground level above the B&A tracks. From there it ran southeast into the Lakeview neighborhood, then turned north to its Lincoln Park terminus on the western shore of Lake Quinsigamond near the Boston and Worcester Turnpike.Along with the terminals, the railroad had intermediate stations at Drapers (at Drapers Street), Bloomingdale (at Plantation Street) and Lakeview (at Alvarado Avenue). A carhouse, roundhouse, and turntable were located near the eastern terminus. The line had a maximum grade of 3% – 160 feet per mile (30 m/km) – which was sustained for a full mile on the eastern half of the route.

In 1872, the Massachusetts legislature permitted new railroads to be built to 3 ft (914 mm) gauge, which could be built with lower expense than standard gauge lines.: 2  The Worcester and Shrewsbury Railroad was chartered that year to transport passengers between downtown Worcester and Lake Quinsigamond, which was becoming a popular recreation and resort area. Construction began in May 1873. It opened as far east as Lake Signal (east of Bloomingdale) on July 31, 1873. The Worcester and Shrewsbury was the first narrow gauge railroad to open in Massachusetts.: 2  Beginning August 7, the railroad operated 20 daily round trips, with trains operating about every 45 minutes. Service over the full length of the line to Lake Quinsigamond began on August 28, 1873.The line served primarily local passengers and ran a profit carrying excursion traffic to Lincoln Park on the lake shore.: 2  During the 1874 summer season, the railroad operated every half hour from 6 am to 9 am. Fare was ten cents. By 1877, the railroad was carrying 110,000–150,000 passengers annually. Local businessman Horace H. Bigelow purchased the line and several attractions on Lake Quinsigamond in 1883. By that time, the total cost to the original owners for the railroad and its rolling stock had been $60,048 (equivalent to $1,886,000 in 2022). Events at Lake Quinsigamond were used to promote ridership on the W&S. In August 1886, the company offered $500 to rower Ned Hanlan to break a single scull record. By 1890, the railroad was scheduled for 18 daily round trips in the winter and 22 in the summer, with additional trips operated most days.The W&S was originally intended to continue east from Lake Quinsigamond into Shrewsbury. In 1875, the railroad conducted surveys for a 16+1⁄2-mile (26.6 km) extension past Shrewsbury to Marlborough via Northborough. None of the three towns had direct rail service to Worcester at that time. In 1882 and 1885, proposals to fund an extension were declined at Shrewsbury town meetings. In September 1887, the W&S tested an electric railcar over its line. Plans for an extension were revived in 1891; in June 1892, the legislature authorized the W&S to cross the Lake Quinsigamond causeway provided the line was completed to Marlborough within three years. By 1893, the railroad had plans to electrify its line along with building the Marlborough extension.

The Worcester Consolidated Street Railway, which operated an extensive streetcar system in Worcester and surrounding towns, received permission from the state legislature in June 1896 to lease the W&S and the Worcester and Shrewsbury Street Railway (an unrelated streetcar company). The lease of the W&S took effect on July 1, 1896, with an annual rental of $3,750 (equivalent to $132,000 in 2022). In its final 12 months of independent operations, the line had carried 575,512 passengers and earned a net profit of $4,253 (equivalent to $150,000 in 2022). The Consolidated had also leased Lincoln Park by this time.The Consolidated soon added an electrified standard gauge track on the north side of the W&S track between Bloomingdale and Lincoln Park. This track connected to the existing Consolidated streetcar line on Shrewsbury Street and Belmont Street near Liscomb Street and at Lincoln Park, forming a loop line know as the "Lake line" (also "Lake View line"). After the new streetcar track entered service, steam-powered service on the W&S track operated only intermittently, such when there was high ridership to the lake or events at the nearby Worcester Oval, or when the streetcar line was blocked. Despite this, eastward extension of the W&S was again considered in 1898. The "dummy" operated only a handful of times in 1899, and some equipment was sold off that year.The Boston and Worcester Street Railway (B&W), an interurban line between its namesake cities, began operation on July 1, 1903.: 29  All B&W service initially used the Lake View line to enter and leave Worcester.: 10  The B&W introduced limited-stop service in 1909. By 1911, eastbound limited cars exited the city on the Shrewsbury/Belmont line, which saved four minutes compared to the longer Lake View line.: 35  Beginning on October 12, 1925, all B&W cars used the Shrewsbury/Belmont route.: 36 The W&S and the Worcester and Shrewsbury Street Railway were consolidated into the Consolidated on March 29, 1929. The Lake View line was replaced with buses in 1933, ending rail service on the former Worcester and Shrewsbury.: 6 

The W&S began operation with a single 22-horsepower steam dummy locomotive and two passenger cars. The dummy and one car were made by E. Remington and Sons in Ilion, New York, at a cost of $3,500 (equivalent to $85,000 in 2022). The other car cost $500 (equivalent to $12,000 in 2022) and was made by J.M. Jones and Co. of West Troy, New York. The W&S was locally known as the "dummy" after the steam dummy. By 1875, the W&S owned three locomotives, four passenger cars, four cars for freight or other purposes, and one snowplow. At the time of its lease by the Consolidated, the W&S owned four locomotives, eleven passenger cars, and four freight cars. Some equipment, including one locomotive and two passenger cars, was sold to the Baltimore and Lehigh Railway in 1899.

 Media related to Worcester and Shrewsbury Railroad at Wikimedia Commons

Stepanovo (Russian: Степаново) is a rural locality (a village) in Shelotskoye Rural Settlement, Verkhovazhsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 35 as of 2002.

Stepanovo is located 58 km southwest of Verkhovazhye (the district's administrative centre) by road. Shelota is the nearest rural locality.

Gleann Nimhe – The Poison Glen is the eleventh studio album by Irish folk music group Altan and their tenth studio album of original material, released in late February / early March 2012 on the Compass Records label.

This is the first studio album of original material to be released by Altan in since the release of Local Ground on 1 March 2005.

Gleann Nimhe, or the Poisoned Glen, is the Irish name of a glen located near Dún Lúiche, in County Donegal in Ireland. In English, Gleann Nimhe means "The Heavenly Glen" or "The Poison Glen" (also written "The Poisoned Glen").

The album features An Ghealóg, a song composed by Martin Tourish who would later join the band replacing Dermot Byrne, temporarily starting from the extensive Fall 2013 (mostly) German tour and permanently since Dermot Byrne's departure from the band in early 2014.

On 22 April 2012, Gleann Nimhe – The Poison Glen received a six-star album review (out of 10) from PopMatters's music critic John L. Murphy, stating: «Shifting somewhat away from its Narada-label leanings of a decade back into New Age-inflected stylings, this Compass Records release offers a more traditional delivery of tunes, reliable in their familiar conjuring of their Northwestern Irish heritage. At its best, this recalls their standout albums originally released in America on the Green Linnet Records label.»On 16 December 2015, "Beyond Tunes" blog critic Eros Faulk made the tune "Tommy Potts' Slip Jig" one of his three "tracks of the month December 2015" (out of the blog's seven "tracks of the month"), stating: «One of the greatest Donegal groups strikes again with this exceptional track. It’s only one tune, yet they make it quite interesting. The third time through in the second part, Dermot Byrne (accordion) does backup, and it carries into the next time. Then fiddlers Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh and Ciaran Tourish do a wonderful fiddle harmony/backup before going back to melody and ending this tune, all the way the wonderful accompanists doing amazing backup.»

"A Fig for a Kiss/The Turf Cutter" – 2.47 (Slip Jigs)
"Seolta Geala" – 3.59 (Song)
"The Ardara Girls/The Backdoor Highlands/Fáscadh Mo Léine (The Wringing of my Shirt)/Reel in A/Ciarán Tourish's Reel" – 6.05 (Highlands and Reels) (sometimes called "The Ardara Set")
"An Ghealóg" – 4.57 (Song)
"Caitlín Triall" – 3.22 (Song)
"The New Rigged Ship/Eddie Curran's/The Monaghan Twig/Kitty the Hare" – 4.27 (Reels)
"The Blackest Crow" – 4.50 (Song)
"The Lancers Jig/The Further in the Deeper" – 3.11 (Also known as "John Doherty's Jigs")
"The Lily of the West" – 4.33 (Song)
"The Wheels of the World" – 4.03 (Reel)
"Cailín Deas Crúite na mBó" – 4.23 (Song)
"Tommy Potts' Slip Jig" – 2.48
"The House at the Corner" – 2.31 (Tune)See tune identifications for this album at irishtune.info.

Altan played live in concert the following tracks:

"A Fig for a Kiss/The Turf Cutter",
"Seolta Geala",
"The Ardara Set",
"An Ghealóg",
"Caitlín Triall",
"The New Rigged Ship/Eddie Curran's/The Monaghan Twig/Kitty the Hare",
"The Blackest Crow" &
"The Lancers Jig/The Further in the Deeper".

Official recording page
Official Altan website
Official Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh website

George Benjamin Goodwin (December 18, 1834 – May 1, 1886) was an American lawyer who served one term in the Wisconsin State Assembly as a Republican while living in Menasha in 1860.

Goodwin was born on December 18, 1834, in Livingston County, New York, the second child of Simeon S. Goodwin and Elizabeth (Albright) Goodwin. His father was a blacksmith who later went into carriagemaking on a large scale. He attended common school in Mount Morris, New York, then after preparatory study entered Genesee College in the winter of 1851, and remained until 1854, when, owing to a clash within the faculty, he and several fellow students withdrew and entered the senior class at Williams College in Massachusetts, at that time run by Mark Hopkins. At the end of one term, the trouble at Genesee College having been settled, he and some others returned and graduated in the fall of 1854. He taught at a district school at Cuylerville, New York for a year, then entered the Albany Law School, and in the winter of that year was admitted to practice. In the spring of 1856 he married Harriet C. Decker, of Lima, New York, and with money barely sufficient to defray their traveling expenses, removed to the West, settling in May 1856 in Menasha.

He helped organize the first Republican club of Menasha, and took an active part in the presidential election of 1856, stumping for John C. Fremont. In 1859 he was elected to represent the northern Assembly district of Winnebago County. He was chairman of the standing committee on printing.
After the outbreak of the American Civil War, in 1862, he helped organize the 2nd Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, which eventually became the 41st Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment, and served as a colonel in it.After the war he moved to Milwaukee, where he was an assessor of internal revenue for the United States government. He was a candidate for Congressman as the nominee of the Trades Assembly in 1882.He died from complications of diabetes on May 1, 1886, in Milwaukee.

Irakli Labadze and Denis Matsukevich were the defending champions.Kaden Hensel and Adam Hubble won in the final 7–5, 7–5, against Valery Rudnev and Ivan Sergeyev.

Doubles Draw

Chief Charles A. Joshua Plaza is a .22-acre public space located at the crossroads of Ralph Avenue, Fulton Street and Macdougal Street in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn. The plaza's namesake, Chief Charles Adebowale Joshua (1924-1999) was a community activist who led efforts to stimulate cooperation among the neighborhood's numerous nonprofit organizations, including programs serving foster children, people with mental disabilities and people living with HIV and AIDS. Beginning in 1973, as Executive Director of the Central Brooklyn Coordinating Council, he worked to stimulate cooperation among more than 135 community agencies in implementing social programs benefiting local residents. Joshua was also a founder of the Caribbean-American Chamber of Commerce and Industry, an organization founded in 1985 to provide assistance to small businesses within the city's Caribbean immigrant community.In 1989, Joshua's tireless activism earned him praise from Nigeria, where a Yoruba prince bestowed the title Chief on Joshua in a formal ceremony. In conjunction with that title, he adopted the middle name Adebowale, which in Yoruba translates to “the crown has come home.” Following his death in 1999, community leaders and local elected officials selected this plaza as a fitting location to honor Joshua. In 2001, the City Council passed legislation designating Chief Charles A. Joshua Plaza.This plaza was reconstructed in 1997, providing a concrete border, four trees and the Freedom’s Gate sculpture by Charles Searles (1934-2004). Born in Philadelphia, his art captures the history and feelings of the African-American experience.

Ambroli Church is a Church of North India church in Girgaum, Mumbai that was established in 1831 by the Scottish missionary John Wilson. The unusual name derives from Ambroli House, the name of Wilson's home where the church first gathered which was nearly opposite the current church building. It is believed Ambroli refers to the  Gujarati hometown of the migrants who settled in Mumbai, but it is not clear if that place is Amroli. Wilson's educational mission was planned at this site, which led to the founding of Wilson College and Wilson High School. The church covenant was made on 4 February 1831, and the first service was  held in Wilson's home on the 6th. Services were conducted in three languages: Hindustani, Marathi and English.The first members of the church included the Scottish missionary couple John and Margaret Wilson, three Brahman men from the Konkan, one Wani merchant, one Vaishya journalist, one Maratha woman from Bombay, one African sailor, and one "Indo-Portuguese" man from the Konkan who was a former Roman Catholic priest.The church's first pastors included John Wilson (1831–1870), Dhanjibhai Nauroji (1870–1884, 1894–1900), and Madhavrao B. Nikambe (1884–1894, 1900–1918).
The present-day building was constructed in 1869. The congregation denominationally belongs to the Church of North India (CNI).

Hemistomia aquilonaris is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Tateidae. This species is endemic to a single spring in Vallee des Palmiers, Ouehat, Koumac, in the north of New Caledonia.

List of non-marine molluscs of New Caledonia

Sir Francis Carruthers Gould (2 December 1844 – 1925) was a British caricaturist and political cartoonist, born in Barnstaple, Devon. He published as F. Carruthers Gould and signed his cartoons FCG.

Gould was the son of Richard Davie Gould (c. 1816-1900), a Barnstaple architect, and his wife Judith Carruthers (née Ford). Although in early youth he showed great love of drawing, he began life in a bank and then joined the London Stock Exchange, where he constantly sketched the members and illustrated important events in the financial world; many of these drawings were reproduced by lithography and published for private circulation. In 1879 he began the regular illustration of the Christmas numbers of Truth, and in 1887 he became a contributor to the Pall Mall Gazette, transferring his allegiance to the Westminster Gazette on its foundation and subsequently acting as assistant editor.Among his independent publications are Who killed Cock Robin? (1897), Tales told in the Zoo (1900), two volumes of Froissart's Modern Chronicles (1902 and 1903), and Picture Politics — a periodical reprint of his Westminster Gazette cartoons, one of the most noteworthy implements of political warfare in the armoury of the Liberal Party.  With Sir Wilfrid Lawson he published Cartoons in Rhyme and Line (1905).
Frequently grafting his ideas onto subjects taken freely from Uncle Remus, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, and the works of Dickens and Shakespeare, Gould used these literary vehicles with extraordinary dexterity and satire. He was knighted in 1906. Unpublished manuscripts and biographical material are in the House of Commons Library historical collections, kept in the House of Lords Record Office.
Carruthers Gould was responsible for designing eleven (11) Toby jugs of World War I political and military figures between 1915 and 1920.His eldest son, Alexander, became a noted artist.

Geake, Charles, and F. Carruthers Gould (2010) John Bull's Adventures in the Fiscal Wonderland. Evertype. ISBN 978-1-904808-51-0
Munro, H. H. (Saki). (1902) The Westminster Alice. Illustrated by F. Carruthers Gould. London: Westminster Gazette.
Scully, Richard. (2018) Eminent Victorian Cartoonists, Volume III: Heirs and Successors. London: Political Cartoon Society.

"Some Men Who Made Barnstaple..." by Pauline Brain 2010 (his family and ancestry).
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Gould, Sir Francis Carruthers". Encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 12 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 284.

 Media related to Francis Carruthers Gould at Wikimedia Commons

F. Carruthers Gould at Library of Congress, with 14 library catalogue records
Frances Carruthers Gould & Benjamin Stone - UK Parliament Living Heritage

The 1994–95 season was the 93rd season in which Dundee competed at a Scottish national level, playing in the Scottish First Division after being relegated the previous season. Dundee would finish in 3rd place and miss out a chance for promotion by goal difference. Dundee would also compete in both the Scottish League Cup and the Scottish Cup, where they were knocked out by Celtic in the 3rd round of the League Cup, and by Raith Rovers in the 4th round of the Scottish Cup. They would also compete in the Scottish Challenge Cup and would reach the final, before being defeated by Airdrieonians.

Statistics provided by Dee Archive.

Statistics provided by Dee Archive.

Statistics provided by Dee Archive.

Statistics provided by Dee Archive.

Statistics provided by Dee Archive

List of Dundee F.C. seasons

1994–95 Dundee season on Fitbastats

Allt Cynhelyg is a semi-natural oak-hazel woodland forming a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Brecknock, Powys, Wales. It has a notable natural population of Meconopsis cambrica (Welsh poppy). 

List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Brecknock

The Oceanside Generals are a junior "A" ice hockey team based in Parksville, British Columbia, Canada. They are members of the North Division of the Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League (VIJHL). The team operates as a not for profit society, run by a hockey passionate board of directors. The Generals play their home games at Oceanside Place. Dan Lemmon is the team's Head Coach.

The Generals joined the league in 1990 as an expansion team. In its VIJHL history, the team has won the Brent Patterson Memorial Trophy three times, in 1992, 1997 and 2009. The Generals have won the Andy Hebenton Trophy twice, as the team with the league's best regular season record in 1991 and 1992.

Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against

British Columbia Jr B Provincial Championships

Kris Mallette

Official website of the Oceanside Generals

The American Bar Association Medal (or ABA Medal) is the highest award given by the American Bar Association for "exceptionally distinguished service by a lawyer or lawyers to the cause of American jurisprudence." The ABA Board of Governors chooses the medal's recipient. The medal was authorized at the 50th anniversary meeting of the ABA in 1928. The first medal was given in 1929 and it has been given most, but not all, years since.
The medal itself was designed by Laura Gardin Fraser. It is four inches in diameter, made of 24K gold, later reduced to 14K gold. On the obverse is a profile of John Marshall with the inscription "To the end it may be a government of laws and not of men," from the Constitution of Massachusetts. On the reverse is "Justitia" with a likeness of Lady Justice.

Source: "Recipients of the American Bar Association Medal" at the American Bar Association website

Bucculatrix ulmella is a moth of the family Bucculatricidae. It is found in most of Europe, except the Iberian Peninsula, Slovenia and Bulgaria. It was first described in 1848 by Philipp Christoph Zeller.
The wingspan is 7–8 mm. The head is ferruginous, sometimes mixed with dark fuscous in middle. Antennal eyecaps ochreous-whitish. Forewings ochreous-whitish, irrorated with brown; four oblique costal spots, first and third large, and a large median dorsal spot dark fuscous; cilia more ochreous tinged. Hindwings are grey. The larva is pale grey-greenish; lateral line darker; dots whitish; head pale brown; segment 2 brownish-grey, black-dotted.Adults are on wing from May to June and again in August.The larvae feed on Castanea sativa, Quercus faginea, Quercus petraea, Quercus pubescens, Quercus robur, Quercus rubra and Quercus trojana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a short, angular corridor with much black frass and a large larval chamber. The larvae leave the mine and engage in lower-surface window feeding. Larvae can be found in July and again from September to October. They are greenish grey mottled with white and with a light brown head.

 Media related to Bucculatrix ulmella at Wikimedia Commons

Konstantin Budkevich, also known as Konstanty Romuald Budkiewicz; June 19, 1867, – March 31, 1923) was a Roman Catholic priest executed by the OGPU for organizing nonviolent resistance against the First Soviet anti-religious campaign. His beatification process has been opened, thus giving him the title Servant of God.

Budkevich was born June 19, 1867, to a large Polish family  of Szlachta descent in Zubry manor near the town of Krāslava in modern Latvia. He completed his studies at the Saint Petersburg Roman Catholic Theological Academy, where he earned a doctorate in theology.  He was ordained to the priesthood in 1893 and taught in Pskov and, from 1896, in Vilnius.

In 1903, he served the parish of St. Catherine on Nevsky Prospect in St. Petersburg, becoming pastor there in 1908. At the time, St. Petersburg was the center of the Empire's largest Polish community outside of Congress Poland and Budkiewicz desired to prevent the children of his parish from the anti-Polish and anti-Catholic propaganda of the State-run school system. Therefore, despite "manifold difficulties", he maintained a Polish language parochial school attached to St. Catherine's parish.Following the February Revolution, then Archbishop Eduard von der Ropp, decreed that all his priests would take a role in organizing a Christian Democratic Party to participate in the planned Russian Constituent Assembly. In this, the Archbishop was opposed by Budkiewicz and by Auxiliary Bishop Jan Cieplak, who both opposed any politicization of the Catholic religion.

In 1918, he became vicar-general to Bishop Cieplak.
According to Francis MacCullagh,

The Bolsheviks were not long in power before they realized that this polite and gentle-mannered Monsignor was the backbone of all the legitimate resistance offered to some of their impossible decrees by the Catholic clergy of Petrograd. They therefore persecuted him so persistently that disguised in lay clothes, had for a time to carry out his work from a place of concealment. Then came a period of calm, but, towards the end of 1922, the Petrograd Reds lost all patience and determined to have Mgr. Budkiewicz's blood at all costs. They had their way, but, as we shall see later, they had not the satisfaction of seeing their victim falter or even lose colour when the sentence of death was passed on him.
According to princess Martha Edith Almedingen, "Sunday after Sunday at St. Catherine's he preached his simple unsophisticated sermons, and the keynote to all of them was, 'God is love, and it is given to us to be his true children.'"

He was arrested March 13, 1923, in connection with the case brought against the Catholic clergy, with Archbishop  Cieplak at their head. The GPU feared that Cieplak was planning to unite the Orthodox who followed Patriarch Tikhon with the Catholic Church. As Patriarch Tikhon was under house arrest on false charges of "anti-Soviet and counterrevolutionary activities", this "conspiracy" implicated Cieplak, Budkiewicz, (his Vicar General), and Byzantine Rite Exarch Leonid Feodorov in Anti-Soviet agitation.According to Christopher Lawrence Zugger,

The Bolsheviks had already orchestrated several 'show trials.' The Cheka had staged the 'Trial of the St. Petersburg Combat Organization'; its successor, the new GPU, the 'Trial of the Socialist Revolutionaries.' In these and other such farces, defendants were inevitably sentenced to death or to long prison terms in the north. The Cieplak show trial is a prime example of Bolshevik revolutionary justice at this time. Normal judicial procedures did not restrict revolutionary tribunals at all; in fact, the prosecutor N.V. Krylenko, stated that the courts could trample upon the rights of classes other than the proletariat. Appeals from the courts went not to a higher court, but to political committees. Western observers found the setting – the grand ballroom of a former Noblemen's Club, with painted cherubs on the ceiling – singularly inappropriate for such a solemn event. Neither judges nor prosecutors were required to have a legal background, only a proper 'revolutionary' one. That the prominent 'No Smoking' signs were ignored by the judges themselves did not bode well for legalities.
New York Herald correspondent Francis McCullagh, who was present at the trial, later described its fourth day as follows:

Krylenko, who began to speak at 6:10 PM, was moderate enough at first, but quickly launched into an attack on religion in general and the Catholic Church in particular. "The Catholic Church", he declared, "has always exploited the working classes." When he demanded the Archbishop's death, he said, "All the Jesuitical duplicity with which you have defended yourself will not save you from the death penalty. No Pope in the Vatican can save you now." ... As the long oration proceeded, the Red Procurator worked himself into a fury of anti-religious hatred. "Your religion", he yelled, "I spit on it, as I do on all religions, – on Orthodox, Jewish, Mohammedan, and the rest." "There is no law here but Soviet Law," he yelled at another stage, "and by that law you must die."
Also according to McCullagh,

My first glace at Mgr. Budkiewicz showed me clearly why the Bolsheviks were so infuriated with him that nothing but his death would satisfy them. Not only was he immovable himself, but (in the opinion of the Bolsheviks) he made others unmovable. Then his matter was, for a Slav, curiously cold and impassive. In speaking, he used no gestures, and did not move his body in the slightest; but in private life he was extremely humorous. Circumstances compelled him to restrain himself, but he conveyed, somehow, the impression of having it in him to pierce Bolshevism with a satire keener than a rapier; and it surely is one of the ironies of life that while Leninism is being dealt with almost exclusively by non-Russians who do not know much about it, or by Russians whose absence abroad has made them equally ignorant, this accomplished man, who knew Red Russia through and through, should first have been prevented by his position from telling all he knew about it, and should then have had his brains blown out by an official assassin.
On Palm Sunday, 1923, Cieplak and Budkiewicz were sentenced to death. The other fifteen defendants were sentenced to long terms in the GULAG. In the aftermath of sentencing, all were returned to their cells in Moscow's Butyrka prison.

According to Christopher Lawrence Zugger,

The Vatican, Germany, Poland, Great Britain, and the United States undertook frantic efforts to save the Archbishop and his chancellor. In Moscow, the ministers from the Polish, British, Czechoslovak, and Italian missions appealed "on the grounds of humanity," and Poland offered to exchange any prisoner to save the archbishop and the monsignor. Finally, on March 29, the Archbishop's sentence was commuted to ten years in prison, ... but the Monsignor was not to be spared. Again, there were appeals from foreign powers, from Western Socialists and Church leaders alike. These appeals were for naught: Pravda editorialized on March 30 that the tribunal was defending the rights of the workers, who had been oppressed by the bourgeois system for centuries with the aid of priests. Pro-Communist foreigners who intervened for the two men were also condemned as "compromisers with the priestly servants of the bourgeoisie."
According to the priest Francis Rutkowski, who was imprisoned with Budkiewicz,

The days between March 25th and March 31st, until he was taken to a special cell, passed as if nothing special were likely to befall him. On Good Friday, March 30th, fellow prisoners read in the newspaper how the Archbishop's sentence had been commuted and how the Monsignor's sentence had been carried out. At this time, the Monsignor was not in the cell. When he returned, his fellow prisoners did not tell him at first that he had been refused grace; after a while, they told him and showed him the paper. Then he quickly said that it was not necessary to hide the fact from him, but that he was ready for everything. When on the invitation of the Archbishop, Mgr. Malecki privately suggested to Mgr. Budkiewicz that he might prepare for death, he answered that he was completely at peace, ready for everything, that he was little understood, and that God alone knew how he had offered himself for all his faults. On saying these last words, with tears in his eyes, he totally and completely surrendered himself to the Divine Will. On Holy Saturday, March 31st, about ten o'clock, he was taken from our cell to No. 42, which was used for solitary confinement. He quietly said goodbye to us all, forseeing that he would see us no more. That same evening, he sent back a Russian book which he had taken with him as he left us. He had written in it that he was alone in No. 42, that it was clean and warm there. Some secular prisoners who were with us, Russians and non-Catholics, and who had continually observed his behavior, wondered with great admiration at him because he was so peaceful; they called him happy because he suffered and died for a good cause. One of the prisoners who lived on the same corridor as Mgr. Budkiewicz told us how in the evening of March 31st, he bathed and had tea. Around half past eleven at night, two men came, told him to take his things and led him to an automobile waiting in the yard. He answered that they did not give him peace even at night. He himself was completely at peace when he said goodbye to the prisoner in the corridor, gave him cigars, and went to the automobile. According to what we read in the newspapers, he was executed during the night of March 31st, between Holy Saturday and Easter Sunday. He was shot from behind, as he stepped down into the cellars of the Lubianka.

After the execution of Budkiewicz, his body was buried in a mass grave in the forests of the Sokolniki District.According to Christopher Zugger,

On Easter Sunday, the world was told that the Monsignor was still alive, and Pope Pius XI publicly prayed at St. Peter's that the Soviets would spare his life. Moscow officials told foreign ministers and reporters that the Monsignor's sentence was just, and that the Soviet Union was a sovereign nation that would accept no interference. In reply to an appeal from the rabbis of New York City to spare Budkiewicz's life, Pravda wrote a blistering editorial against 'Jewish bankers who rule the world' and bluntly warned that the Soviets would kill Jewish opponents of the Revolution as well. Only on April 4 did the truth finally emerge: the Monsignor had already been in the grave for three days. When the news came to Rome, Pope Pius fell to his knees and wept as he prayed for the priest's soul. To make matters worse, Cardinal Gasparri had just finished reading a note from the Soviets saying that "everything was proceeding satisfactorily" when he was handed the telegram announcing the execution.
News of Budkevich's execution caused turmoil in France, whose Catholic population deplored the incident and saw it as an example of the police state tactics of the new Soviet Union.On 7 April 1923, a Roman Catholic requiem mass was offered for Budkiewicz at St. Catherine's Cathedral in St. Petersburg. Several foreign diplomats were in attendance.On 10 April 1923, Soviet Foreign Commissar Georgy Chicherin wrote a letter to fellow  Politburo member Joseph Stalin, in which he described the political fallout from the death of Budkiewicz. In America, France, and the United Kingdom, efforts to gain diplomatic recognition for the USSR had suffered a major setback. In Westminster, Labour MPs had been flooded by petitions "demanding the defense of Cieplak and Budkiewicz", by "worker's organizations", "dying socialists", and "professionalists". In the United States, Republican Senator William Borah had been about to discuss possible recognition of the USSR with U.S. Secretary of State Charles Evans Hughes. Due to Budkevich's execution, the meeting had been cancelled and the senator had been forced to indefinitely postpone the founding of a committee to press for diplomatic negotiations. Chicherin explained that the outside world saw the continuing anti-religious campaign "as nothing other than naked religious persecution." Chicherin expressed fear that, if Russian Orthodox Patriarch Tikhon were also sentenced to death, the news would, "worsen much further our international position in all our relations." He concluded by proposing "the rejection in advance of the death sentence on Tikhon".Constantine Budkiewicz's cause for sainthood was opened in 2003 and remains under investigation. His current title is Servant of God. At St. Catherine's Cathedral, his stole is preserved as a relic. A street in Warsaw, Poland, is also named for him.

In 1924, McCullagh published the full text of the Cieplak show trial within a book entitled The Bolshevik Persecution of Christianity, which was swiftly translated into French, German and Spanish.
Also in 1924, Kazimiera Iłłakowiczówna, a highly important figure in Polish poetry, published a book of poems in honor of Budkiewicz's life and death. Modeled after the traditional oral poetry of the Polish peasantry, the collection was titled Opowieść o moskiewskim męczeństwie ("The Story of the Moscow Martyr").

Father Joseph Ledit, S.J., Archbishop John Baptist Cieplak, Palm Publishers Limited, Montreal, 1963.
Francis MacCullagh, The Bolshevik Persecution of Christianity, E. P. Dutton and Company, 1924.
Father Christopher Lawrence Zugger, The Forgotten: Catholics in the Soviet Empire from Lenin through Stalin, Syracuse University Press, 2001.

Fr. Constantine Budkiewicz
(in Italian) Servant of God Constantine (Romuald Julianovich) Budkiewicz
(in Italian) Allocution of Pope Pius XI, March 22, 1923.

Granada Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Colorado.Granada is a name derived from Spanish meaning "end of the road".

List of rivers of Colorado

Earl Thompson Ingarfield Sr. (born October 25, 1934) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played in the National Hockey League for thirteen seasons from 1958–59 until 1970–71.
Ingarfield played 746 career NHL games, scoring 179 goals and 226 assists for 405 points. His best offensive season was the 1961–62 season when he set career highs with 26 goals, 31 assists, and 57 points while a member of the New York Rangers. In 1967 he played with the new expansion with the Pittsburgh Penguins and was their captain in 1968–69. Ingarfield was traded to the Oakland Seals in late 1968–69 season and retired with them in 1971.
He served as the second coach for the New York Islanders during their inaugural 1972–73 season. Behind the bench for thirty games, he did not return to the franchise for the 1973-74 campaign.
Ingarfield's son Earl Ingarfield Jr. also played in the NHL.

In the 2009 book 100 Ranger Greats, the authors ranked Ingarfield at No. 79 all-time of the 901 New York Rangers who had played during the team's first 82 seasons.

Biographical information and career statistics from NHL.com, or Eliteprospects.com, or Hockey-Reference.com, or The Internet Hockey Database

The 1944 Eastern Illinois Panthers football team represented Eastern Illinois University as a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (IIAC) during the 1944 college football season. The team was led by first-year head coach Charles Lantz and played their home games at Schahrer Field in Charleston, Illinois. The Panthers finished the season with a 1–3 record overall and a 1–2 record in conference play.

Udea asychanalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Herbert Druce in 1899. It is found in Guatemala.

Fljótavík (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈfljouːtaˌviːk]) is a wide bay in the far north-west of Hornstrandir, in the Westfjords region in Iceland. It is a part of the nature reserve Hornstrandafriðland (status granted in 1975) which covers the northernmost tip of the Hornstrandir peninsula.
A deep valley rises from the bay and a shallow inlet(which is more of a lagoon).
It was settled during the settler age by Geirmundur heljarskinn who also settled nearby inlet and valleys. The area was deserted around the mid 20th century but the descendants of the former inhabitants dwell there on occasion in summer cottages.
Icelandic post-rock band Sigur Rós named the ninth track of their 2008 album Með suð í eyrum við spilum endalaust after Fljótavík.

Fljotavik.is – An information page in Icelandic about Fljótavík

The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Superintendent's House and Workmen's Office, in Woodbury Park, Woodbury, Kentucky, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The listing is for two buildings on a high bluff:

the superintendent's house (1912–13), a 30 by 35 feet (9.1 m × 10.7 m) two-story Flemish bond brick house with a wraparound porch, and
a one-and-a-half-story office Flemish bond brick building (c.1889)They are located on Federal Hill, overlooking Lock and Dam #4 of the Green River, within an 8.5 acres (3.4 ha) Butler County park.At the time of the 1980 NRHP nomination, the buildings had been vacant since 1973, when the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers moved its last employee out of Woodbury.

Finney Hotel, 1890 hotel also in Woodbury Park and NRHP-listed

Leonard "Jack" Stohr (13 November 1889 – 25 July 1973) was a New Zealand rugby union player. A three-quarter, Stohr represented Taranaki at a provincial level, and was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, in 1910 and 1913. He played 15 matches for the All Blacks including three internationals. Stohr served in the New Zealand Medical Corps during World War I, during which he was also involved with Services rugby in Britain. Following the war, he was a member of the New Zealand Army team that won the King's Cup in 1919 against other British Empire teams, and then toured South Africa. He returned to New Zealand in 1919, but moved to South Africa the following year, and lived there for the rest of his life.

The non-marine molluscs of the Gambier Islands are a part of the molluscan fauna of French Polynesia. There is a high degree of endemism of these species. The gastropod fauna has been affected by severe alterations to the natural environment of the Gambier Islands.  43 of the 46 species of snails that once made the Gambier Islands their homes are now extinct.

Assimineidae† Cyclomorpha secessa Bouchet & Abdou, 2003 - endemic
† Omphalotropis margarita (Pfeiffer, 1851) - endemicEuconulidae† Aukena endodonta Bouchet & Abdou, 2001 - endemic
† Aukena tridentata (Baker, 1940) - endemic
Philonesia mangarevae Baker, 1940 - endemic, at the base of Mont Mokoto

List of non-marine molluscs of the Pitcairn Islands
List of non-marine molluscs of the Cook Islands

Acceptance is a 2009 television drama film starring Mae Whitman and Joan Cusack. The film was first aired on August 22, 2009, on Lifetime. It is based on the book Acceptance: A Novel by Susan Coll. The film was directed by Sanaa Hamri.

High school student and overachiever Taylor Rockefeller must deal with the pressures of the college admissions process. She also cuts her wrists. She struggles with finding her dream colleges. In the meantime, her mother wants her to go to a top college so she can find a suitable husband. Taylor's parents are about to break up. Taylor realizes that lowly ranked Yates College is the right choice. However, her mother disagrees.

Mae Whitman as Taylor Rockefeller
Joan Cusack as Nina Rockefeller
Mark Moses as Wilson Rockefeller
Deepti Daryanani as Maya
Jonathan Keltz as Harry Burton
Mike Pniewski as Basil Dickerson
Kiersten Warren as Grace
Robert Pralgo as Ari
Rob Mayes as Justin Smelling

Acceptance at IMDb

Charles Reginald Ford (4 February 1880 – 19 May 1972) was a New Zealand explorer, land agent and architect. He was born in London, England on 4 February 1880.

Gummer and Ford

Driller Park is a baseball park in Kilgore, Texas, US, constructed in 1947 for the Kilgore Drillers and refurbished in 2008 for the East Texas Pump Jacks of the Texas Collegiate League. The park has also been used for East Texas college and high school baseball matches. The park has a capacity of 3,000.

On April 24, 1947, the Drillers played their first game in front of a full house. A Texas Historical Commission plaque outside Driller Park states:

On April 24, 1947, more than 3,100 fans celebrated the postwar return of baseball as the Kilgore Drillers played the Henderson Oilers on Driller Park's opening day. Erected by the Kilgore Baseball Club for $100,000 on land deeded to the city of Kilgore by S. S. Laird, the park straddles the line between Gregg and Rusk Counties. An excellent example of small stadium engineering, the ballpark was constructed of oil field pipe, tank steel, and concrete with an infield underground drainage system. Though the Drillers disbanded in 1950, Driller Park continues to be a haven for baseball in the city of Kilgore.

The Kilgore Drillers existed briefly for four seasons, playing the first two seasons in the Lone Star League and the last two in the East Texas League. The Drillers were successful in their years in the Lone Star League and the East Texas League.
The Kilgore Drillers folded after the 1950 season. They had played consistently winning baseball claiming two consecutive championships in the Lone Star League, were the runners-up in 1949, and had a respectable finish in 1950 before being disbanded. It was 58 years before Driller Park saw another team take residence.1947 season
They finished the regular season at the top of the standings with a 78–60 record. In the playoffs, they swept the Tyler Trojans while the Marshall Comets beat the Longview Texans, 4–1. In the championship series, the Drillers defeated the Comets 4 games to 2 to become the 1947 Lone Star League champions.
1948 season
They finished the regular season at the top of the standings once again, with a 94–44 record. In the playoffs, they defeated the Henderson Oilers 4 games to 3 while the Longview Texans defeated the Tyler Trojans 4 games to 3 also. In the championship series, the Drillers beat the Texans to become Lone Star League champions again.1949 season
In their first season in the East Texas League, the Drillers finished in 4th place with a record of 75–65. In the playoffs, they defeated the Longview Texans 4 games to 3; the Gladewater Bears defeated the Paris Panthers 4 games to 3 also. In the championship series, Kilgore finished as the runner-up to Gladewater being beaten in four games.
1950 season
The Drillers finished 3rd in 1950. In the playoffs, Kilgore was beaten by the Marshall Browns 4 games to one in the first round.

In January 2008, it was announced that the Texas Collegiate League would add a team in Kilgore for the upcoming season. Fans were invited to make suggestions to the front office of the new club in the "Name Your Team" contest. In early April 2008, general manager Mike Lieberman announced the new team would be called the East Texas Pump Jacks, complete with dual logos representing East Texas' history in the oil industry. One logo is a donkey representing the pumping unit or horsehead pump, the over ground for a reciprocating piston installed in a borehole. It is used to mechanically lift liquid out of the well if there is not enough bottom hole pressure for the liquid to flow all the way to the surface. The other logo is a dinosaur, representing the fossil fuels used in oil drilling.In their first season at Driller Park, the Pump Jacks finished third with a 22–26 record before being beaten by the Coppell Copperheads in the first round.

Texas Collegiate League fan forum

Sud-Est (French) or Sidès (Haitian Creole; both meaning "South East") is one of the ten departments of Haiti located in southern Haiti. It has an area of 2,034.10 km2 and a population of 632,601 (2015). Its capital is Jacmel.

The department is part of the Xaragua kasika under the leadership of Bohecio and Anacaona. The settlement of Yakimèl was in the area of actual Jacmel City.

Jacmel is one of the earliest Spanish towns in the Caribbean when it was settled by Nicolas Ovando in 1504.

One year after the Treaty of Ryswick, the french formally settle the city through La Compagnie de St-Domingue.

 Haitian Revolution 
Like many of the actual departments in Haiti, by 1791, the different social classes of St-Domingue started rebelling against the status quo. The enslaved under the leadership of Romaine-La-Prophétesse, a mulatto coffee plantation owner, asked for the abolition of slavery and liberty for all. The mixed race under the leadership of André Rigaud asked for equal rights with the whites. These revendications reach their heights in the Pre-Independence Civil War opposing Toussaint's northern troops with lieutenants like Dessalines and Rigaud's southern troops with lieutenants like Pétion.

 Independence 
On September, 17th 1803, Magloire Ambroise, helped by Cangé and Yayou's troops freed Jacmel from the french troops under the leadership of Pageot. 
Magloire Ambroise, commander of Jacmel is a signatory of the Act of Independence on January 1.
During the Haitian-Civil war opposing King Henry 1st and President Pétion, the South-East was part of the republic. During that period the Jacmel received the South American Liberator Simon Bolivar, providing him shelter, merchandise, guns, and soldiers. The Grand-Colombia flag was designed in Jacmel based on the Haitian republican flag.

The department knew a great financial time at the beginning of the 20th century with the exportation of coffee, resulting in Jacmel's unique architecture and culture. The capital city was the first to have electricity and a telephone line in the Caribbean. 

The South-East is bordered in the north by the West Department, on the west, by the South Department, the south by the Caribbean Sea and on the east by the province of Pedernales province.
The Bay of Jacmel is the biggest bay of the department, followed by the Bay of Bainet (meaning clear bay). The most important rivers are the Jacmel river and the Bainet river.
The coastal plain of the department allows a possible expansion of the capital. The department has one of the longest coastal lines in the country.

Like the whole Xaragua Peninsula the department is on the fault line of Plantain-Garden-Enriquillo resulting in many earthquakes in the department's history.
Jacmel in Jacmel Arrondissement, a city with many Haitian colonial heritage buildings, was devastated by a 7.0 magnitude tremblor on 12 January 2010, collapsing much of that heritage architecture.
Since then many of the buildings have been rebuilt.

The S-E shares the La Visite National Park with the West. Around Belle-Anse the S-E harbors the Three Lagoons  National Park.

With a sizable port like Jacmel and direct access to the Dominican Republic, the S_E has great potential for economic development, especially in tourism and arts. 

Jacmel, Marigot, and Belle-Anse have the capacity to receive tourists.
Raymond-des-Bains is a famous beach in the department.
Jacmel has a notable carnival activity in the Caribbean region10, and one of its characters (the robalagallina, imitation or caricature of the planter's wife) has been adopted by the carnival of the Dominican Republic11. The festive behavior of the Jacmelians earned them international fame.
During the Easter celebrations, a great parade of rara bands under the rhythms of petro and congo, is organized there. The civil authorities organize it in order to promote Haitian culture which is closely linked to that of southern Africa.
Jacmel is also known for its manifestations of the patronal feast on the first of May each year. It is the feast of the patron saint of the city, Saint Jacques and Saint Philippe. During this festival, the musical groups of Haiti meet in Jacmel and its surroundings for concerts which are called in Haitian Creole "ball". On May 18, the Jacmeliens celebrate their flag with large parades of brass bands throughout the city. In November Jacmel perpetuates the traditional "Feast of the Dead" (November 1 and 2).
Jacmel also hosts a Francophone film festival in 201912,13, and a festival dedicated to jazz. 

The S-E has great potential for mining notably for iridium in the area of Belot.

The RN4 connects the department to the West and Léogane.
RD402 connects to Anse-à-Pitres
RD401 connects to Cote-de-Fer.

The Department of Sud-Est is subdivided into three arrondissements, which are further subdivided into ten communes.

Bainet Arrondissement
Bainet
Côtes-de-Fer
Belle-Anse Arrondissement
Belle-Anse
Anse-à-Pitres
Grand-Gosier
Thiotte
Jacmel Arrondissement
Jacmel
Cayes-Jacmel
La Vallée
MarigotThere are fifteen other smaller towns or villages, including: Banane, Bourcan-Bélier, Cavalier, Coutelas, Forêt-des-Pins, La Fond, La Vallée, Mare Rouge, Mayette, Mombin, Platon-Besace, Saint Antoine, Savane-Zombi, and Seguin.

The Grumman Long Life Vehicle (LLV) is an American light transport truck model, designed as a mail truck for the United States Postal Service, which has been its primary user since it first entered service in 1987, 37 years ago. It also was used by Canada Post. The LLV uses a chassis built by GM based on the S-10 with an aluminum body built by Grumman.
In 2021, after a long competition, the USPS announced it had awarded a $6 billion contract to Oshkosh Defense to produce the Next Generation Delivery Vehicle, which will replace the LLV. In February 2023, the USPS announced the purchase of 9,250 each of stock Ford E-Transit vans and Stellantis gasoline-powered vans. As of May 2023, the first custom NGDVs were scheduled to enter service in June 2024, nine months after the original October 2023 target date.

In the United States, the Grumman LLV is the most common vehicle used by letter carriers for curbside and residential delivery of mail, replacing the previous standard letter-carrier vehicle, the Jeep DJ-5. Curbside delivery from a driver seated in a vehicle to a curbside mailbox is sometimes termed "mounted delivery", in contrast to walking delivery.The Grumman LLV was the first vehicle specifically designed for the United States Postal Service (USPS); the USPS provided a specification and three teams created prototypes that were tested in Laredo, Texas in 1985: Grumman in partnership with General Motors, Poveco (a joint venture of Fruehauf and General Automotive Corporation), and American Motors Corporation. The main design points of the vehicle in contract competition were serviceability, handling in confined areas, and overall economical operation. Prototypes were each subjected to a 24,000 mi (39,000 km) road test, including frequent starts and stops, gravel surfaces, cobblestones and potholes, hauling a payload of up to 2,000 lb (910 kg).Previously, Grumman had built a limited number of KurbWatts, a battery electric vehicle with an aluminum delivery van body, which was tested by the USPS in the early 1980s. At about the same time, Grumman also built 500 KubVans, which used a similar lightweight aluminum delivery body on a Volkswagen Pickup diesel chassis and also underwent testing by the USPS. These designs influenced Grumman's candidate body design for the LLV. Grumman won the competition and was awarded a $1.1 billion contract to produce 99,150 LLVs in April 1986; USPS also held an option for an additional 54,000 LLVs.

The vehicles were assembled by the Allied Division of Grumman in Clinton Township in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania. The first vehicle was completed in April 1987. At peak production, 95 LLVs were completed each day, at a rate of approximately one every 5 minutes. Grumman invested $28 million into the factory, doubling its size to 213,000 sq ft (19,800 m2) and increasing the workforce from 250 to 600.The USPS purchased more than 100,000 of these vehicles, the last one in 1994. As its name suggests, the Grumman LLV is easily capable of a long life. The required lifespan specified by the U.S. Postal Service was 24 years, but in 2009 this was extended to 30 years. The Grumman LLV can easily last over 200,000 miles on its original engine and transmission before needing an overhaul.
The USPS acquired 21,000 Ford-Utilimaster FFVs in 2000 and 2001 to supplement the LLV fleet. The FFVs have a similar aluminum body and also are right-hand drive, but ride on a chassis built by Ford Motor Company with a body built by Utilimaster.: 12 In 2010, approximately 140,000 LLVs remained in the USPS delivery fleet;: 12  retirement and attrition had reduced that to 126,000 by 2021.: Table 4-6.13  A number were also sold to Canada, Mexico, and several other countries.

Like the older postal-service Jeep DJ-5, the Grumman LLV features a right-hand drive (RHD) configuration, in contrast to the typical left-hand drive (LHD) position of vehicles in North America. It also features a large metal tray, which is able to hold three trays of letter mail, mounted where a passenger seat would normally be. This arrangement positions the driver on the side of the vehicle closest to the curb, enabling the carrier to easily grab sorted mail and place it into mailboxes without having to leave the seat. Other notable features are an exceptionally tight turning radius and a low-geared, 3 speed transmission for hauling heavy cargo. The LLV has a 1,000-pound (450 kg) cargo capacity, double what the Jeep DJ-5 could hold.The body and final assembly is by Grumman, and the chassis is made by General Motors, based on the 1982 Chevrolet S-10 Blazer, powered by GM engines including the 2.5-liter inline-four TBI Iron Duke and, in later production, 2.2-liter inline-four SPFI LN2; the instrument cluster and front suspension are similar to those used in the Chevrolet S-10 pickup and S-10 Blazer sport utility vehicle.The LLV has a unique footprint. The front wheels (taken from the two-wheel-drive S-10 Blazer model) have narrower spacing than the rear wheels (using the rear axle from the four-wheel-drive S-10 Blazer model). The front of the vehicle also has low ground clearance. While this has advantages, there are some trade offs. The vehicle was tested successfully in warmer climates, but when used in places with substantial snowfall, they became difficult to control and were poorly adapted to those conditions.The Grumman LLV's estimated average combined EPA fuel economy is 17 miles per US gallon (13.8 L/100 km; 20.4 mpg‑imp; 7.2 km/L) [16 / 18 mpg‑US (14.7 / 13.1 L/100 km; 19.2 / 21.6 mpg‑imp; 6.8 / 7.7 km/L) on the city/highway cycles, respectively]. In actual use by the USPS, which includes extensive stop-and-go driving for residential delivery, average fuel economy is about 8.2–10 mpg‑US (28.7–23.5 L/100 km; 9.8–12.0 mpg‑imp; 3.5–4.3 km/L).: Table G-1 Like other U.S. Postal Service vehicles before it, the Grumman LLV does not carry a license plate and instead uses a seven-digit U.S. Postal Service serial number, usually starting with 020, 021, 120, 125, 126, 220, 221, 330, 331, 430, 431, 720, 820, 821, 920, or 921. The first digit of the serial number represents the last digit of the year in which it was made, ranging from 7 (1987) to 4 (1994). The USPS does not permit reselling the LLV, so when they are retired, they are scrapped for parts;: 4–40  however, at least one was sold by the State of Georgia at auction in 2013.

Grumman also planned to market a commercial variant of the LLV with right-hand drive as the CLLV through Chevrolet. The CLLV was essentially the same as the LLV, with the same chassis, built by GM at Moraine Assembly using S-10 components, driven by the 2.5L Iron Duke through a 3-speed automatic transmission and a 7-5⁄8" positraction rear differential with 3.42:1 final drive ratio. The CLLV was rated to carry a payload of 1,400 lb (640 kg), including the driver, and could accommodate up to 121 cu ft (3,400 L) of cargo.

Ten LLVs were converted in 1995, 1997, and 1999 for a pilot program, adding a battery electric drivetrain developed by GM Hughes and U.S. Electricar. They used lead-acid battery chemistry. The resulting Electric Long Life Vehicles (ELLVs) were deployed to post offices in Harbor City, California near Los Angeles, Merrifield, Virginia, and Westminster, California.: 2–2  When GM canceled its electric vehicle program, the vehicles were taken out of service at the end of 2000.At about the same time, Transport Canada commissioned Solectria Corporation in November 1998 to convert two LLVs to battery-electric; they were delivered to Canada Post in February 1999.: 1  The performance report, comparing the converted LLV to a conventional LLV, was published in February 2000. The Solectria/Grumman LLV was equipped with a 12-kilowatt-hour (43 MJ) lead-acid traction battery and 5-kilowatt (17,000 BTU/h) diesel-fired heater, giving it a nominal range of 30 km (19 mi).: 4  The traction motor was an AC induction type, with a peak output of 50 kW (67 hp; 68 PS) and continuous rated output of 20 kW (27 hp; 27 PS).: 4  Testing showed the typical consumption on a postal driving cycle was 19.74 kWh/100 km (106.1 mpg‑e) at an ambient temperature of −20 °C (−4 °F), giving a range of 27.39 km (17.02 mi); these figures improved to 16.04 kWh/100 km (130.6 mpg‑e) consumption and 29.58 km (18.38 mi) range at 20 °C (68 °F).: 11  By comparison, the conventionally-powered LLV on the same driving cycle returned fuel consumption of 0.22 L/km (11 mpg‑US) at −20 °C (−4 °F) and 0.16 L/km (15 mpg‑US) at 20 °C (68 °F).: 15 This was followed by a larger fleet test, consisting of 500 Electric Carrier Route Vehicles (ECRV) from 2000 to 2003. The ECRV was equipped with a body similar to the LLV, built by Grumman/Allied on a RHD Ford Ranger EV chassis.: 3–1  Most were tested in California, with the remainder tested in Washington, D.C., and White Plains, New York. Southern California Edison tested six prototype ECRVs at the Electric Vehicle Technical Center (EVTC) in Pomona, California. The ECRV uses a 90-horsepower (91 PS; 67 kW) AC induction traction motor driving the rear wheels, drawing power from a 2,000 lb (910 kg) lead-acid battery consisting of 39 modules at 8 volts each, connected in series. It has a curb weight of 4,950 lb (2,250 kg) and a payload of 1,250 lb (570 kg); the estimated driving range is 50 mi (80 km) and the maximum speed is 60 mph (97 km/h). Testing at EVTC showed the ECRV met or exceeded its performance requirements, including an accelerated 20,000 mi (32,000 km) reliability test. Real-world testing at the Fountain Valley, California post office during July and August demonstrated the average route covered 13–16 miles (21–26 km), consuming an average of 41% of the battery state of charge. After Ford announced they were also canceling their electric vehicle program in October 2002, the battery manufacturer (East Penn Manufacturing Company) offered to sell replacement traction batteries for the ECRVs to be held in cold storage as experience showed the batteries would need to be replaced after two years of service. The USPS instead traded the ECRVs in August 2003 back to Ford in exchange for Windstar minivans.A second round of testing five converted all-electric LLVs began in 2011. Each second-generation eLLV was converted by a different group, funded by the USPS through a $50,000 grant to each electromodder, and tested in Washington, D.C. In the nine-month period from March to December 2011, the five vehicles had taken an aggregated 9,181 trips and traveled a total distance of 3,965 miles (6,381 km), consuming an average of 0.645 kW⋅h/mi (52.3 mpg‑e) of AC power (from the wall). By March 2014, only one of the modified eLLVs (from ZAP) remained in service.
Notes

Because the United States Postal Service owns more than 100,000 Grumman LLVs, of which most have reached the end of their lifespan, the USPS has been preparing to replace the LLVs. In fiscal year 2009, the USPS spent $524 million to repair and retrofit its fleet of Grumman LLVs, and estimated that it would cost $4.2 billion to replace the entire fleet. By 2021, it was estimated that each LLV required maintenance costing more than $5,000 per year; the all-aluminum body had proven to be robust and corrosion-resistant, but the chassis frame and powertrain components had required reverse-engineering as the original designs were out of production.: 2–2 The LLVs also suffer from several design deficiencies, including inadequate cabin climate controls (no air conditioning and a heater prone to breaking down). The wheels and suspension are not suited for the all-terrain and all-weather needs of delivering mail and require snow chains during inclement weather. Also, because the windshield washer fluid line is routed above the fusebox, LLVs are prone to catching fire; between 2015 and 2019, over 120 fires occurred. According to documents obtained in 2020 via a Freedom of Information Act request as part of a Vice Media investigation, 407 LLVs have been damaged or destroyed since May 2014.In some areas, LLVs have been supplemented or replaced with vans and minivans, including the 2008-2010 purchase of Dodge Grand Caravan and Chevrolet Uplander minivans,: 12  which tend to be more comfortable for postal workers, especially in extreme climates. The United States Postal Service has announced that they will purchase 7,160 Ram ProMaster (to replace Caravan & Uplander vehicles) and up to 30,608 right-hand drive Mercedes Metris vehicles as part of the Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) vehicle program announced on August 3, 2018, to replace and upgrade its fleet of delivery vehicles.In 2014, the USPS reviewed options for replacement. The Office of Inspector General found that the Postal Service's acquisition plan for replacements lacked details and while the USPS could continue deliveries until 2017, there were concerns over the aging vehicles.Canada Post also adopted the Grumman LLV, but around 2008, it began studying whether to refurbish, upgrade, or replace its fleet. On March 18, 2010, Canada Post and Ford Motor Company announced that Canada Post would purchase a fleet of Transit Connect vans.

On January 20, 2015, the USPS released solicitation RFI-NGDV for the Next Generation Delivery Vehicle.  Potential bidders had until March 5, 2015, to submit comments and pre-qualification responses. The USPS was to then select companies to receive the RFP for prototype development. On February 13, 2015, it was announced that General Motors was actively pursuing this new contract, which would have them provide the USPS with 180,000 new vehicles at a cost of at least $5 billion.  On September 22, 2016, the United States Postal Service awarded the NGDV Prototype Contract to six selected suppliers: AM General, Karsan, Mahindra, Oshkosh, Utilimaster, and a joint-venture bid involving Workhorse and VT Hackney. Half of the prototypes will feature hybrid and new technologies, including alternative fuel capabilities. The prototypes will represent a variety of vehicle sizes and drive configurations, in addition to advanced power trains and a range of hybrid technologies.On February 23, 2021, USPS announced that Oshkosh Defense was awarded the contract for design and manufacture of the Next Generation Delivery Vehicle (NGDV) to replace the LLV and FFV, delivering up to 165,000 vehicles over a 10-year period.

Pope, Nancy (July 11, 2010). "Long Life Vehicle (LLV)". National Postal Museum blog. Smithsonian Institution. Archived from the original on October 26, 2020.
"U.S. Postal Service Vehicle Testing (1999 ECRV)". Idaho National Laboratory, Advanced Vehicles Testing.
"2011 USPS Mail Delivery Vehicles (eLLV)". Idaho National Laboratory, Advanced Vehicles Testing.

Phantom Theater was a dark ride located at Kings Island in Mason, Ohio, United States. Manufactured by Morgan Manufacturing, the ride opened to the public on April 11, 1992. Its design incorporated a continuously-moving chain of vehicles similar to Disney's Omnimover ride system. The attraction was furnished with sets and characters created by R&R Creative Amusement Designs, Inc., and it was themed as a haunted, abandoned theater.Phantom Theater replaced Smurf's Enchanted Voyage (1984–1991), which in turn was a re-skin of the original Enchanted Voyage (1972–1983). The attraction operated through July 2002 and was overhauled in the offseason, reopening as Scooby-Doo and the Haunted Castle in 2003. The original ride system remains intact, even in the latest iteration of the ride known as Boo Blasters on Boo Hill.

Taft Broadcasting, interested in finding a way to promote its recently-acquired Hanna-Barbera division, purchased Cincinnati's Coney Island in 1969 with the intent of expanding and moving the park. Construction of Kings Island began in 1970, and the most expensive attraction erected for the park's inaugural year was a dark ride called Enchanted Voyage, which cost approximately $2 million to construct. The ride was manufactured by Arrow Development and opened with the park in 1972.
Enchanted Voyage was located in a building shaped like a giant TV set, taking guests through several rooms featuring animatronic versions of new and old Hanna-Barbera characters. Its theme song was composed by well-known Hanna-Barbera music producer Paul De Korte, and the lyrics were written by William Hanna and former Coney Island executive Dennis Speigel. It played throughout the ride, reciting themes from familiar characters such as Fred Flintstone, Scooby-Doo, and Yogi Bear. Less common shows such as Wacky Races and The Banana Splits were also alluded to. The first room introduced the song while the second room changed to a western accent, the third utilized a Caribbean flavor and the fourth had a "spooky" theme.  The fifth and final room reverted to the original music with a circus-like ambiance.  The rides final exit was at the "mouth" of a giant clown as each boat would travel a few feet up an inclined lift hill before splashing down the drop into the water on the other side.

For the 1984 season, Kings Island updated the ride's theme to Hanna-Barbera's The Smurfs, and it was renamed Smurf's Enchanted Voyage. New animatronics were used for various characters and decorations, and the song playing throughout the ride was changed to coincide with the cartoon. Smurf's Enchanted Voyage consisted of several rooms, each themed to a different season of the year focusing on holidays such as Christmas and Halloween.

At the end of the 1991 season, the building housing the attraction was gutted, and the water transportation system was removed. Installed in its place was an Omnimover-type dark ride created by D.H. Morgan Manufacturing, similar in style to The Haunted Mansion attractions at various Disney parks around the world. An Anaheim-based theming company, R&R Creative Amusement Designs, Inc., developed the concept of the ride including its sets, props, animatronics, and music. The original boat loading area used on previous versions of the ride was retained and converted into a queue area for a kiddie roller coaster named Scooby Zoom, which later became Great Pumpkin Coaster. A new entrance was constructed for Phantom Theater at the opposite corner of the building, and a small, unused section of the building was converted into a children's theater called the "Enchanted Theater".
Phantom Theater officially opened to the public on April 11, 1992. It was themed as a behind-the-scenes tour of an abandoned theater haunted by the ghosts of vaudevillian-era performers, staff, and theatergoers who frequented the venue long ago. The exterior of the building was stylized as a dilapidated and crumbling opera theater. The queue area was dimly lit with a pair of electrical chandeliers above. The ride featured 17 separate scenes, some of which utilized a Pepper's ghost trick – a famous and widely used dark ride trick – to display ghostly illusions.

 Removal 
Phantom Theater closed on July 14, 2002. Nearly all thematic elements were removed and replaced with new scenes created by Sally Dark Rides. 28 of the 55 ride vehicles were also removed, while the remaining were retrofitted with laser light guns that riders would use to point and shoot at various targets throughout the ride. The attraction reopened in 2003 as Scooby-Doo and the Haunted Castle. Due to a licensing concern, the ride was slightly altered in 2010 and renamed Boo Blasters on Boo Hill.In the years following Phantom Theater's removal, leftover ride components have been used as props during the park's annual Halloween Haunt event. Ride vehicles, characters, and other items were occasionally displayed at various attractions and locations across the park.

Guests walk under an archway displaying the ride's logo into a short outdoor queue area before entering what appears to be an very run-down, dilapidated old theater building. The large velvet rope-lined lobby queue serves as the main queue room for the attraction. In the lobby, two chandeliers hung from the ceiling and the walls were decorated with posters of the theater's headlining performers:

Maestro, the theater organist
Hilda Bovine, an opera singer
Houdelini, a magician
The Great Garbanzo, a daredevil
Lionel Burymore, a Shakespearean actor
Willard Warbler, a singerLightning flashed from behind the curtains of two windows accompanied by the sound of thunder. On a balcony between the two windows, the theater's ghostly organist, Maestro (voiced by Richard Doyle), played away on a pipe organ, sitting with his back turned to the guests. Between concertos, Maestro would turn around and address the guests below. Maestro would then sinisterly invite the guests to take a tour of the theater and taunt them, before returning to his organ with a maniacal laugh.
Leaving the lobby, guests climbed a short staircase into a long hallway lined with marble busts on either side. Through the use of a hollow-face illusion, the busts would appear to turn their heads to "watch" the guests as they passed by. Guests the entered the loading station and boarded the black, 3-passenger ride vehicles.

The ride cars depart the station and make a left turn. The cars turn to face Maestro, who's seen pulling back a curtain leading backstage and taunting the riders once more. Passing under the curtain, riders faced a row of portraits of the theater performers. Using a scrim effect, the portraits would disappear when lit from behind, revealing the ghostly versions of each performer. Down the hall, a legless ghost usher floats in front of riders and directs them toward the performers' dressing rooms. The doors of each room swing open to show the performers preparing for the show. The final dressing room in the hallway belongs to the Mighty Bosco, a strongman, whose door is stuck and he is shown (ironically) struggling to open it.
Entering the next scene, the cars face an electrician who flips a switch on a lighting board causing the lights in the room to flicker on and off. He shines a flashlight on the riders, telling them to move along. Moving to the next room, riders see a pair of stagehands. One stagehand pulls on a rigging rope, while the other is tangled up by his feet on the other end of the rope and hanging upside-down. Entering the rehearsal rooms, the riders turn toward Houdelini, who pulls a demonic rabbit out of his top hat that roars at the riders as they pass by. In the next room, Hilda Bovine sings a high note, which causes a mirror on the right side of the room to shatter.
The riders encounter the usher again who guides them into the auditorium where the show is about to begin. In the auditorium, riders view a large Pepper's ghost display of the performers doing their respective acts. Maestro plays music on an organ in the orchestra pit, Houdelini levitates high above the stage, Hilda Bovine sings on top of a castle tower, and the Great Garbanzo launches himself out of a cannon across the room and crashes into a wall. The cars move out of the auditorium where they are greeted by Maestro, who forbids to let the riders leave the theater. The riders enter the prop room where they are welcomed by a talking gargoyle. The cars pass by many bizarre sights such as an Egyptian sarcophagus which opens to reveal a wailing mummy inside, a giant mouse that pops up from behind a stack of crates in front of a terrified cat, and a talking Roman centurion statue with projected face. The riders are then taken into the theater's boiler room, where they come face-to-face with a coal-burning furnace. One of the two boilermen opens the doors of the furnace as the cars pass by and the riders are blasted with hot air. The cars then return to the loading station where the guests disembark their vehicles and exit down a hallway. As guests leave the ride building, Maestro is heard one more time, telling the riders that even though they've escaped the theater, "[they'll] be back".

In celebration of the park's 50th anniversary in 2022, Kings Island introduced a new live stage show based on Phantom Theater called Phantom Theater Encore, which plays at Kings Island Theater. The show debuted on June 4, 2022, and combines elements such as musical numbers, acrobatics, and puppetry. There's also an exhibit in the lobby displaying props from the attraction, concept art from R&R Creative, and a scale model of the ride's layout.

Scooby-Doo and the Haunted Castle
Boo Blasters on Boo Hill

Kings Island official page

The 1970 Hawaii Rainbows football team represented the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa as an independent during the 1970 NCAA College Division football season. In their third season under head coach Dave Holmes, the Rainbows compiled a 9–2 record.Guard Jim Kalill received second-team honors on the 1970 Little All-America college football team.

I Can See Your Voice (abbreviated as ICSYV; Korean: 너의 목소리가 보여; RR: Neoui moksoriga boyeo; MR: Nŏŭi moksorika poyŏ) is an international television mystery music game show franchise that originated from the South Korean program of the same name, which is created by producer Lee Seon-young.

In 2012, producer and creator Lee Seon-young initially planned to develop a singing reality competition show that includes "good singers". She would unusually add elements with "bad singers", lip sync, and "guessing game" flairs, creating a unique format that would become the "mystery music game show" in the process. Also, she originally envisioned a program that will allow anyone to be the main character regardless of their appearances, inspired by Kim Bum-soo who struggled to gain recognition because of his look.I Can See Your Voice made its debut broadcast, simulcasting on Mnet and tvN on February 26, 2015, with the first official episode was a demonstration of the game played by host Kim Bum-soo as a guest artist. Despite the poor reception in its first season, the show went to become an instant success in South Korea, forcing to renew for a second season.The unique format subsequently enters franchising and was sold to different countries and territories, with CJ ENM as its main distributor.

The game's original format is presented with a group of "mystery singers" identified only by their occupation, a guest artist must attempt to eliminate bad singers from the group without ever hearing them sing, assisted by clues and a celebrity panel over the course of several rounds. At the end of the game, the last remaining mystery singer is revealed as either good or bad by means of a duet between them and one of the guest artists.If an ordinary person (as the role of "eliminator") is included, the contestant must eliminate one mystery singer at the end of each round, receiving a petty cash if they eliminate a bad singer. At the end of the game, the contestant may either end the game and keep the money they had won in previous rounds, or risk it for a chance to win the jackpot prize by correctly guessing whether the last remaining mystery singer is good or bad.

In order to help the guest artist decipher mystery singers' identities, the game consists of five category rounds with varying mechanics.

 Visual round 
The guest artist is given some time to observe and examine each mystery singer based on their appearance.

In the "multiple choices" variation, each mystery singer shows two different identities as a good and bad singer, with one of them is a real identity.

 Lip sync round 
Each mystery singer performs a lip sync to a song. Good singers mime to a recording of their own performance, while bad singers mime to a recording by someone else.
Optionally, the Golden Mic can be used during the game, in which they may hear additional clues and observations from a celebrity guest off-stage.

In the "showdown" and "batch" variations, a pair or batch of mystery singers perform a lip sync of their own to one song each.

 Evidence round 
Each mystery singer reveals an evidential piece. Good singers have own evidences, while bad singers had their evidences fabricated.

In the "problem solving" variation, the host has randomly assigned clues about the mystery singer and the guest artist must choose a clue for each one.
In the "video clip" variation, each assigned mystery singer is presented with a video package that discusses their life and musical qualifications, or by the witnesses reacting when they hear on its own performance that would appear on the show.

 Rehearsal round 
Each mystery singer demonstrates a pre-show rehearsal piece, but the voices of mystery singers are still concealed such as audio distorting techniques.

In the "hearing test" variation, the random panelists are wearing headphones to listen to a recording of assigned mystery singer that lasts of a limited duration.
In the "studio session" variation, it is presented with a video from a recording session assigned by the mystery singer, but pitch-shifted to obscure their actual vocals.

 Interrogation round 
The guest artist may ask questions to the remaining mystery singers. Good singers are required to give truthful responses, while the bad singers must lie.

In the "confession" variation, each mystery singer has a story of what kind of identity they have if the singer is bad, which is true to make everyone believe they can't sing.

Unlike reality singing competition shows such as Idol, Rising Star, The Voice and X Factor, I Can See Your Voice is one of the game shows that considered as a "stepping stone" for aspiring singers to perform effortlessly, referring to as the "second National Singing Contest" because of its sudden impact on their local music industry. Notable participants include Hwang Chi-yeul, Lee Sun-bin, and Kim Min-kyu.

In August 2015, CJ ENM accused two (locally unlicensed) programs, God of Songs by SZTV and X-Singer by Beijing TV, for plagiarism. They have also implemented on modified game mechanics, strikingly similar to the original format of I Can See Your Voice without having permission from the said company. Recently in June 2015, Jiangsu Broadcasting Corporation formally acquired the rights to produce its first locally-licensed counterpart of the said show.During an interview with CJ ENM head of formats Diane Min in June 2020, it was revealed that there was a dispute with Is That Really Your Voice?, another game show format by the Turkey-based Global Agency in 2013, in which I Can See Your Voice was accused as being plagiarized from their format.

I Can See Your Voice was nominated for Best Non-Scripted Entertainment Program category at the 44th International Emmy Awards, and Best Light Entertainment Program category at the 2020 Venice TV Awards.

Since the establishing of I Can See Your Voice franchise in 2016, it has made 34 adaptations airing in 32 countries and territories.
Giọng ải giọng ai (subtitled as Hidden Voices) has also made formal recognition being the Vietnamese adaptation of ICSYV, with the introduction and implementation of "battle format" to ICSYV counterparts.Catch Me If You Can, a unofficial Russian adaptation of ICSYV supposing to be the second season of Ya vizhu tvoy golos, was created without CJ ENM's production involvement, which is actually a domestic response to their invasion of Ukraine.

Fateh Bahadur Singh commonly known as Fateh Bahadur Kushwaha is a member of Bihar Legislative Assembly for the 17th Bihar Assembly. He was elected as a candidate of Rashtriya Janata Dal from the Dehri Assembly constituency of Rohtas district. In the 2020 Assembly elections, he defeated Satyanarayan Singh of Bhartiya Janata Party, who was his nearest political rival.

Singh, who was a businessman in his earlier life, was aspiring for ticket from Upendra Kushwaha's Rashtriya Lok Samata Party's to contest from Dehri Assembly constituency in 2015. However, in 2015 Bihar Assembly elections, he was denied the ticket by the party. In 2019, the by-polls were conducted in the Dehri constituency, to fill the vacancy arising out of the revocation of the membership of Muhammad Ilyas Hussain in Bihar Legislative Assembly. Hussain was convicted in a corruption case and the Bhartiya Janata Party's candidate Satyanarayan Singh defeated the other candidate, Mohammad Firoz Husain placed by Rashtriya Janata Dal.In 2020 assembly elections, Fateh Bahadur Singh defeated Satyanarayan Singh Yadav with a margin of 464 votes. The nearest runner-up, Yadav got 63,721 votes.In 2023, there was a raid by Income Tax Department on the Hotel owned by Singh. It was said to be a statewide exercise ran by IT Department to clean up the administration.

He was also in controversy involving the chief councillor, Vishaka Singh; latter was accused of framing fake caste certificate of herself belonging to Extremely Backward Caste, for political gains. However, Singh had lodged a complaint against her with the District Magistrate of Rohtas in connection with the same.

Singh has publicly spoken against the expenditure done on celebration of Dussera and has condemned brahminical views on existence of 33 crore deities in Hinduism. In October 2023, he made a public statement that goddess Durga is an imaginary figure and the epic tales of her fight with army of demons is also fabricated. He also called demon king Mahisasura as a hero of Yadav caste. Singh has also questioned that when India was enslaved by the Britishers, why didn't goddess Durga fought to liberate it. Because of his views, he was criticised later by Union Minister Giriraj Singh, who called his statement an attack on Sanatan Dharma.

The Web of Science (WoS; previously known as Web of Knowledge) is a paid-access platform that provides (typically via the internet) access to multiple databases that provide reference and citation data from academic journals, conference proceedings, and other documents in various academic disciplines. Until 1997, it was originally produced by the Institute for Scientific Information. It is currently owned by Clarivate.

A citation index is built on the fact that citations in science serve as linkages between similar research items, and lead to matching or related scientific literature, such as journal articles, conference proceedings, abstracts, etc. In addition, literature that shows the greatest impact in a particular field, or more than one discipline, can be located through a citation index. For example, a paper's influence can be determined by linking to all the papers that have cited it. In this way, current trends, patterns, and emerging fields of research can be assessed. Eugene Garfield, the "father of citation indexing of academic literature", who launched the Science Citation Index, which in turn led to the Web of Science, wrote:

Citations are the formal, explicit linkages between papers that have particular points in common. A citation index is built around these linkages. It lists publications that have been cited and identifies the sources of the citations. Anyone conducting a literature search can find from one to dozens of additional papers on a subject just by knowing one that has been cited. And every paper that is found provides a list of new citations with which to continue the search.
The simplicity of citation indexing is one of its main strengths.

Web of Science is described as a unifying research tool that enables the user to acquire, analyze, and disseminate database information in a timely manner. This is accomplished because of the creation of a common vocabulary, called ontology, for varied search terms and varied data. Moreover, search terms generate related information across categories.
Acceptable content for Web of Science is determined by an evaluation and selection process based on the following criteria: impact, influence, timeliness, peer review, and geographic representation.Web of Science employs various search and analysis capabilities. First, citation indexing is employed, which is enhanced by the capability to search for results across disciplines. The influence, impact, history, and methodology of an idea can be followed from its first instance, notice, or referral to the present day. This technology points to a deficiency with the keyword-only method of searching .
Second, subtle trends and patterns relevant to the literature or research of interest, become apparent. Broad trends indicate significant topics of the day, as well as the history relevant to both the work at hand, and particular areas of study.
Third, trends can be graphically represented.

Expanding the coverage of Web of Science, in November 2009 Thomson Reuters introduced Century of Social Sciences. This service contains files which trace social science research back to the beginning of the 20th century, and Web of Science now has indexing coverage from the year 1900 to the present. As of 24 February 2017, the  multidisciplinary coverage of the Web of Science encompasses 12,000 high impact journals and 160,000 conference proceedings. The selection is made on the basis of impact evaluations and comprise academic journals, spanning multiple academic disciplines. The coverage includes: the sciences, social sciences, the arts, and humanities, and goes across disciplines. However, Web of Science does not index all journals.
There is a significant and positive correlation between the impact factor and CiteScore. However, an analysis by Elsevier, who created the journal evaluation metric CiteScore, has identified 216 journals from 70 publishers to be in the top 10 percent of the most-cited journals in their subject category based on the CiteScore while they did not have an impact factor. It appears that the impact factor does not provide comprehensive and unbiased coverage of high-quality journals. Similar results can be observed by comparing the impact factor with the SCImago Journal Rank.
Furthermore, as of September 3, 2014 the total file count of the Web of Science was 90 million records, which included over a billion cited references. This citation service on average indexes around 65 million items per year, and it is described as the largest accessible citation database.Titles of foreign-language publications are translated into English and so cannot be found by searches in the original language.In 2018, the Web of Science started embedding partial information about the open access status of works, using Unpaywall data.While marketed as a global point of reference, Scopus and WoS have been characterised as «structurally biased against research produced in non-Western countries, non-English language research, and research from the arts, humanities, and social sciences».After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, on March 11, 2022, Clarivate – which owns Web of Science – announced that it would cease all commercial activity in Russia and immediately close an office there.

The Web of Science Core Collection consists of six online indexing databases:
Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), previously entitled Science Citation Index, covers more than 9,200 journals across 178 scientific disciplines. Coverage is from 1900 to present day, with over 53 million records
Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) covers more than 3,400 journals in the social sciences. Coverage is from 1900 to present, with over 9.3 million records
Arts & Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) covers more than 1,800 journals in the arts and humanities. Coverage is from 1975 to present, with over 4.9 million records
Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI) covers more than 7,800 journals in all disciplines. Coverage is from 2005 to present, with over 3 million records
Book Citation Index (BCI) covers more than 116,000 editorially selected books. Coverage is from 2005 to present, with over 53.2 million records
Conference Proceedings Citation Index (CPCI) covers more than 205,000 conference proceedings. Coverage is from 1990 to present, with over 70.1 million records

Since 2008, the Web of Science hosts a number of regional citation indices: 

Chinese Science Citation Database, produced in partnership with the Chinese Academy of Sciences, was the first indexing database in a language other than English
SciELO Citation Index, established in 2013, covering Brazil, Spain, Portugal, the Caribbean and South Africa, and an additional 12 countries of Latin America
Korea Citation Index in 2014, with updates from the National Research Foundation of Korea
Russian Science Citation Index in 2015
Arabic Regional Citation Index in 2020

The seven citation indices listed above contain references which have been cited by other articles. One may use them to undertake cited reference search, that is, locating articles that cite an earlier, or current publication. One may search citation databases by topic, by author, by source title, and by location. Two chemistry databases, Index Chemicus and  Current Chemical Reactions allow for the creation of structure drawings, thus enabling users to locate chemical compounds and reactions.

The following types of literature are indexed: scholarly books, peer reviewed journals, original research articles, reviews, editorials, chronologies, abstracts, as well as other items. Disciplines included in this index are  agriculture, biological sciences, engineering, medical and life sciences, physical and chemical sciences, anthropology, law, library sciences, architecture, dance, music, film, and theater. Seven citation databases encompasses coverage of the above disciplines.

Among other WoS databases are BIOSIS and The Zoological Record, an electronic index of zoological literature that also serves as the unofficial register of scientific names in zoology.
Web of Science includes other products providing data, analytics, insights, workflow tools, and professional services to researchers, universities, research institutions, governments, private and public research funding organizations, publishers, and research-intensive corporations.

InCites
Journal Citation Reports
Essential Science Indicators
ScholarOne
Converis

As with other scientific approaches, scientometrics and bibliometrics have their own limitations. In 2010, a criticism was voiced pointing toward certain deficiencies of the journal impact factor calculation process, based on Thomson Reuters Web of Science, such as: journal citation distributions usually are highly skewed towards established journals; journal impact factor properties are field-specific and can be easily manipulated by editors, or even by changing the editorial policies; this makes the entire process essentially non-transparent.Regarding the more objective journal metrics, there is a growing view that for greater accuracy it must be supplemented with article-level metrics and peer-review. Studies of methodological quality and reliability have found that "reliability of published research works in several fields may be decreasing with increasing journal rank". Thomson Reuters replied to criticism in general terms by stating that "no one metric can fully capture the complex contributions scholars make to their disciplines, and many forms of scholarly achievement should be considered."

Official website

The Clark R. Griggs House is a historic house located at 505 W. Main St. in Urbana, Illinois. The house was built in 1871 by Clark Robinson Griggs; Griggs was a railroad developer who served as Urbana's mayor and was a key figure in establishing the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in the city. Griggs never lived in the house he built, and his son occupied the house after Griggs moved east. The Italianate house is one of the few examples of the style in Urbana. The house's cornice is decorated with paired brackets, as is a projecting bay on the east side. The front porch has a balustrade and is supported by bracketed columns.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 30, 1978.

WSBH (98.5 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Satellite Beach, Florida and serving the Space Coast including Melbourne and Brevard County. The station is owned by Roger Holler, III, through licensee MARC Radio Orlando, LLC.  It broadcasts a classic hits radio format.
WSBH has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 6,000 watts. It has a construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission to increase its power to 25,000 watts.

WSBH in the FCC FM station database
WSBH in Nielsen Audio's FM station database

Tantilla sertula, the Garland centipede snake, is a species of snake of the family Colubridae.The snake is found in Mexico.

Kavandampalayam is a panchayat village in Gobichettipalayam taluk in Erode District of Tamil Nadu state, India. Kavandampalayam has a population of about 3103.

Metković (Croatian pronunciation: [mêtkovitɕ]) is a town in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County of Croatia, located in the southeast of the country, on the banks of the river Neretva and on the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina.

According to the 2021 census, its population was 15,235 with 13,971 living in the city proper.The total population of the city municipality was 16,788 inhabitants in 2011 census, in the following settlements:
Dubravica, population 90
Glušci, population 76
Metković, population 15,329
Prud, population 497
Vid, population 796In the census of 2011, 96.8% of the population self-identified as Croats.

The city was first mentioned in a 1422 court document as a small farming town. It remained this way until the nineteenth century. During this period the city found renewed investment from the country's Austrian rulers. With the arrival of the area's first post office and school, as well as the increase of trade with the Ottoman Empire, the city began to flourish. It was ruled by Ottoman Empire as part of Sanjak of Herzegovina between 1494 and 1685, then by Republic of Venice till 1797 and finally by French Empire before the Austrian Habsburgs took over. In 1875 and 1910 Emperor Francis Joseph I visited the city.
Metković is located near the ancient Roman settlement of Narona (today Vid). Narona was established as a Roman trading post, after Rome's successful war (Illyrian Wars) with the neighboring Illyrian tribe Daors (ruins of their main city are located near Stolac), and successfully grew until the 3rd century AD. After that it went on a steady decline especially after a large 4th-century AD earthquake. Upon the arrival of Slavonic tribes in the mid-6th century AD, the city of Narona was abandoned with most parts being covered under silt that was carried by the river Neretva. Only minor excavations were done, most of them being concentrated on the location of Vid. One of the city's landmarks is its Church of St. Elijah, the city's patron saint.

Metković has the following education facilities:

Primary schools:
Stjepan Radić Primary school (Croatian language medium school)
Don Mihovil Pavlinović Primary school (Croatian language medium school)
Secondary schools:
Metković High School
Metković Gymnasium (classical high school)For tertiary education students need to move to another city, the most common destinations are: Dubrovnik (business, management, accounting, music), Split (sciences, management, accounting), Zagreb (music, arts, sciences, applied sciences, engineering, architecture, education, humanities, management, accounting, business), Zadar (humanities, education, early childhood education) and Mostar.

NK Neretva
ŽNK Neretva
ONK Metković
RK Metković – Mehanika
VK Neretvanski gusar Metković

Asaphodes chlamydota (also known as the elegant carpet moth) is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is endemic to New Zealand, and can be found in the lower part of the North Island and in the South Island.  It inhabits native forest and shrublands. The larvae of this species feeds on native Clematis plants including Clematis afoliata. Adults are on the wing from November to April and are regarded as having intermedia flight powers.

This species was first described by Edward Meyrick in 1883 as Epyaxa chlamydota. Later in 1884 Meyrick gave a more detailed description of the newly named species. George Hudson further discussed the species in his 1898 volume New Zealand Moths and Butterflies and referred to it as Xanthorhoe chlamydota. Hudson again discussed and illustrated this species in his 1928 book The butterflies and moths of New Zealand. In 1939 Louis Beethoven Prout placed this species in the genus Larentia. This placement was not accepted by New Zealand taxonomists. In 1971 John S. Dugdale assigned this species to the genus Asaphodes. Although Dugdale confirmed this placement in 1988 he mentions the possibility that this species might not fall within the genus Asaphodes. The male lectotype, collected at Akaroa, is held at the Canterbury Museum.

Hudson described the species as follows:

The expansion of the wings is about 1+1⁄4 inches. The fore-wings are pale ochreous; with two broad, dark, purplish-brown bands. The first, which is at the base, is slightly paler near the body, and strongly curved outwards towards the termen; it is followed by several very line pale brown transverse lines. The second band is broad, and is situated near the middle of the wing; its inner edge is curved inwards, and its outer edge has two rounded projections, one very large about the middle, and another much smaller near the dorsum; the middle portion of this central hand is considerably paler than the edges; the two projects of the central band are boarded with bright red. The upper part of the termen is ochreous, with several faint brown marks; the lower part is dull grey. The hind-wings are dark ochreous, with a few obscure purplish-grey markings; the termen of the hind-wing projects slightly near the middle, and is rather jagged.

A. chlamydota is endemic to New Zealand. It can be found in the lower North Island and the South Island. Meyrick stated this species was present in Wellington, Christchurch and Akaroa, and Hudson mentioned the species is present in the Wellington Botanic Garden. Specimens of this species have been collected in the mid Canterbury. A. chlamydota was also found to be present in the Dansey ecological district in Otago.

The habitat of this species is amongst forest and shrubland. It has been found at altitudes of below 500 m.Host plants

A. chlamydota larvae feed on plants within the genus Clematis including Clematis afoliata and Clematis marata.Flight patterns
A. chlamyota adults are regarded as having intermediate flight powers and remain active during light breezes.

Adult A. chlamydota are regarded as normally being present during the months of November to April. However specimens have also been collected in October.

M. Sanjayan is an American conservation scientist, writer and television news contributor, specializing in the role of nature in preserving and enhancing human life. He is referred to as Sanjayan, using one name as is sometimes Tamil custom. He is chief executive officer at Conservation International, a global conservation organization working to protect the nature people around the world rely on for food, freshwater, and livelihoods.His scientific work has been published in peer-reviewed journals Science, Nature and Conservation Biology and his expertise has received extensive media coverage, including Vanity Fair, Outside, Time, Men's Journal, The New York Times, The Atlantic, and "CBS This Morning".In 2023, Sanjayan was named to the inaugural TIME100 Climate list, recognizing the 100 most innovative leaders driving business climate action.
A leading science communicator and television presenter, Sanjayan has hosted and co-hosted a range of documentaries for PBS, BBC and Discovery. In 2023, he hosted the multi-part PBS documentary, Changing Planet. In 2017, he host  the University of California and Vox Media’s “Climate Lab” series. In the summer of 2015, Sanjayan co-hosted "Big Blue Live," PBS's and BBC's three-part television event showcasing marine life on the Pacific Coast, which was the first live prime time natural history show on American television and won the BAFTA for Live Event. He also hosted the 2015 PBS and National Geographic television series "EARTH - A New Wild," which was filmed in over 24 countries, and was a contributor on Showtime's Emmy-winning series on climate change, "Years of Living Dangerously." He has appeared on numerous other programs, including "The Today Show" and "The Late Show with David Letterman," and was named to Men's Journal's list of the "50 Most Adventurous Men" in 2015. He was also featured in a profile in The Economist's Intelligent Life in 2015, and is a co-editor of the book Connectivity Conservation.Sanjayan also co-led the launch of Nature Is Speaking, Conservation International's award-winning campaign that features Julia Roberts, Harrison Ford, Liam Neeson and Penelope Cruz, among others, and delivers the message that people need nature to survive.In May 2012, CBS News named Sanjayan its science and environmental contributor and his 2013 CBS Evening News report on elephant poaching was nominated for an Emmy in the investigative journalism category. National Geographic Society recently selected Sanjayan for its Explorers Council, a distinguished group of top scientists, researchers, and explorers who provide advice and counsel to the Society across disciplines and projects. Sanjayan is also a Catto fellow at the Aspen Institute.Born in Sri Lanka, Sanjayan and his family moved to Sierra Leone in 1972.  He moved to the United States to study at the University of Oregon, where he received both a B.S. in biology and a M.S. in ecology. In 1997, he earned a PhD in ecology and evolutionary biology from the University of California, Santa Cruz. He is a visiting researcher at UCLA and a distinguished professor of practice at Arizona State University. He won the 2015 UCSC Alumni Achievement Award and the 2015 UCSC Global Oceans Hero Award. Sanjayan is a Disneynature Ambassador and a member of National Geographic Society’s Explorers Council.
Prior to Conservation International, Sanjayan was lead scientist at The Nature Conservancy.

The Beckley Mill Site is a historic archaeological site off Worley Road near Piney Creek in Beckley, West Virginia.  The site is that of a mill established in 1835 by Beckley's founder and namesake, Alfred Beckley.  The mill remained in use into the early 20th century, but was eventually closed and abandoned.  Its site was sheltered from vandalism by isolation caused by railroad tracks and a local landfill, but it has now been turned into a small public park.The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2017.

National Register of Historic Places listings in Raleigh County, West Virginia

Kasaï-Oriental (French for "East Kasai") is one of the 21 new provinces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo created in the 2015 repartitioning. Kasaï-Oriental, Lomami, and Sankuru provinces are the result of the dismemberment of the former Kasaï-Oriental province.  Kasaï-Oriental was formed from the Tshilenge district and the independently administered city of Mbuji-Mayi which retained its status as a provincial capital.
The new province's territory corresponds to most of the historic Sud-Kasaï province which existed in the early period after independence between 1963 and 1966.

Kasai-Oriental is inhabited by members of the Luba tribe.
Congo obtained independence from Belgium in 1960. Friction with Congo's other ethnic groups and encouragement by Belgian corporations hoping to keep their mining concessions led to the secession of the province of South Kasai as a separate state headed by Albert Kalonji.
After being repulsed, the Congo occupied the province in September 1961. Several thousand people were killed during the "pacification" of South Kasai, which lasted through the spring of 1962.
The population of Mbuji-Mayi grew rapidly with the immigration of Luba people from other parts of the country.

The region in which Mbuji-Mayi is situated annually produces one-tenth in weight of the world's industrial diamonds, with mining managed by the Société Minière de Bakwanga. This is the largest accumulation of diamonds in the world, more concentrated than those at Kimberley, South Africa. Mbuji-Mayi handles most of the industrial diamonds produced in the Congo.

The province consists of the following five territories:

Kabeya-Kamwanga
Katanda
Lupatapata
Miabi
Tshilenge

French is the official language. Tshiluba is one of the four national languages of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Tshiluba is spoken by about 6.3 million people in the Kasai-Oriental, Kasai-Occidental and Kasaï-Central provinces.

Kasai region
List of governors of Kasaï Oriental Province

The Class 85 was a German goods train tank engine and standard locomotive (Einheitslok) with the Deutsche Reichsbahn.

In 1931, the DRG ordered ten locomotives from the firm of Henschel that were taken into the fleet as numbers 85 001 to 85 010. The Class 85 was intended for hauling passenger and goods trains. They were however also employed as pusher locomotives on the Höllentalbahn in the Black Forest. Thanks to this engine, the Höllental Railway could do away with rack railway operations from 1933. The running gear and the superheated system were taken from the  Class 44. The boiler, with a few minor alterations, was the same as that of the Class 62. All the locomotives were stabled at the Freiburg shed. Apart from number 85 004, which was lost in the Second World War, all the engines were in operation in the Black Forest until 1961, the year the route was converted from experimental electrical operations with 20 kV/50 Hz lines to the usual Deutsche Bundesbahn standard of 15 kV  16.7 Hz AC. One engine, number 85 007, was still in service in Wuppertal until the end of the year, but they were all retired by the beginning of the next year.

Number 85 007 belongs to the town of Freiburg im Breisgau. It is not operational, but is maintained by the Bahn-Sozialwerk-Gruppe. The engine is housed in the former locomotive shed.

Hütter, Ingo (2021). Die Dampflokomotiven der Baureihen 60 bis 91 der DRG, DRB, DB, und DR (in German). Werl: DGEG Medien. pp. 265–267. ISBN 978-3-946594-21-5.
Scharf, Hans; Wollny, Burkhard (1987). Die Höllentalbahn (in German). Freiburg: EK Verlag. ISBN 3-88255-780-X.
Weisbrod, Manfred; Müller, Hans; Petznik, Wolfgang (1978). Dampflokomotiven deutscher Eisenbahnen, Baureihe 60–96 (EFA 1.3) (in German) (4th ed.). Düsseldorf: Alba. pp. 114–116. ISBN 3-87094-083-2.

History of the Class 85 in the Höllental, Black Forest

Marianne Letitia Ackerman (born 1952) is a Canadian novelist, playwright, and journalist. Mankind and Other Stories of Women, her fifth work of prose fiction, was published by Guernica Editions in 2016. Her play Triplex Nervosa premiered at Centaur Theatre in April 2015. Triplex Nervosa Trilogy was published by Guernica in 2020.

Marianne Ackerman was born in Belleville, Ontario and grew up on a farm in Prince Edward County. She received a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science (Honours) from Carleton University in 1976. She spent a year at the Sorbonne in Paris studying French language and culture before receiving a Master of Arts in Drama from the University of Toronto in 1981.From the early 1980s, Ackerman lived in Montreal, where she worked as a freelance journalist and as theatre critic for the Montreal Gazette, winning the Nathan Cohen Award for theatre criticism.In the late 1980s, she founded a bilingual theatre company, Theatre 1774, which staged her plays L'Affaire Tartuffe, Woman by a Window, Céleste and Blue Valentine, as well as her adaptations of August Strindberg's Miss Julie and William Shakespeare's Measure for Measure. The company also staged Echo, a play developed by Robert Lepage from Ann Diamond's book of poetry, A Nun's Story, co-produced with Theatre Passe  Muraille. She and Lepage collaborated on Alienouidet, a play about the actor Edmund Kean in Canada, directed by Lepage at the NAC. Venus of Dublin, a distilled version of the story, premiered at the Centaur Theatre in 2000, and has since been produced several times.After leaving Theatre 1774 and Quebec in 1997, she lived in the hamlet of La Roque Alric, France, moving back to Montreal in 2004.
Her freelance articles, essays, reviews and criticism have appeared in The Walrus, The Montreal Gazette, The Globe and Mail, The Canadian Theatre Review, The Guardian Weekly, En Route Magazine and other publications. She has taught courses in playwrighting and the history of Quebec theatre at McGill University.Ackerman currently lives in Montreal. She is married to Gwyn Campbell, a professor of economic history at McGill University, and has a daughter.

1985, 1988, 1995, Nathan Cohen National Award for Theatre Criticism
1989 Jurors Award, Quebec Drama Festival, for Blue Valentine
1988 Best New Play Award, Quebec Drama Festival, for Snakeprints
1989 King's Theatre New Play Award, for Grande Ideas
1998 Nominee, Best New Play, Best Anglophone Production, Académie Québécoise du Théâtre, for Blue Valentine
1995 Best English-Language Production Award, Académie Québécoise du Théâtre, for Sliding in All Directions

Jump (2000) McArthur & Company
Matters of Hart (2005) McArthur & Company
Piers' Desire (2010) McArthur & Company
Holy Fools + 2 Stories (2014) Guernica Editions
Mankind and Other Stories of Women (2016) Guernica Editions

Snakeprints (1988)
Night Driving (1989)
Grande Ideas (1989)
Sharansky (1989)
Alanienouidet (co-written with Robert Lepage) (1992)
Woman By A Window (1992)
L'Affaire Tartuffe, or the Garrison Officers Rehearse Molière (1993)
Sliding in All Directions (co-writer) (1995)
Celeste (1995)
Blue Valentine (1996)
Venus of Dublin (2000)
Triplex Nervosa, Rooftop Eden, Famously (2015)

Official website
"Ackerman, Marianne", Canadian Theatre Encyclopedia.

Krosno Voivodeship (Polish: województwo krośnieńskie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1975–1998, superseded by Subcarpathian Voivodeship (except Biecz Commune which is now a part of Lesser Poland Voivodeship). Its capital city was Krosno.

Krosno (49,400)
Sanok (41,400)
Jasło (38,900)

Voivodeships of Poland

Rafael Dyll is a German composer, arranger and sound designer for computer and video games.
Until 2006, he was mainly involved in retro-themed video game remix CDs and productions, such as Remix64 and Revival ST. His first commercial work was  composing the music for the independent Neo Geo console game Last Hope, developed by NG:DEV.TEAM.After receiving generally positive reviews for his compositions, he began working on several video game scores and set up his audio production service called soniQfactory. Featuring a wide array of electronic trance sounds, 8-Bit video game style samples, break beats and symphonic elements, his work has a distinct video game approach with by a growing fanbase.
Between 2009 and 2010, he has mainly worked on the PlayStation Network shmup series Söldner-X developed by SideQuest Studios, releasing a total of 4 soundtrack albums to accompany the 3 games in the series. In 2010, after receiving generally positive reviews from the video game press, he was nominated in the category `Best Contemporary/Alternative Score" for his work on Söldner-X 2: Final Prototype by SquareEnixMusic and gamemusic.net.
Since 2009, he has also been working as a sound effect designer on various titles and providing voice-over recording for game developers. Departing from his trademark electronic sound, he has composed the score for the SRPG fantasy game Rainbow Moon to be released on the PlayStation 3 and is also working on various iPhone/iOS projects and as yet unannounced games.

Rafael Dyll has provided music, sound effects and/or voice over to the following games to date:

Ghost Blade HD
Rainbow Moon
Neo XYX
Gunlord
The Last Chapter
Fast Striker (Voice SFX engineering)
Söldner-X 2: Final Prototype
Last Hope: Pink Bullets
Söldner-X: Himmelsstürmer
Last Hope

Rafael Dyll's CD/album discography:

2015: Ghost Blade Soundscape Collection
2013: NEO XYX Soundtrack
2012: Gunlord Soundtrack
2011: The Last Chapter Tracks
2010: Söldner-X 2: Final Soundtrack
2009: Söldner-X Complete Soundtrack
2009: Last Hope Complete Soundtrack
2008: Söldner-X Original Soundtrack
2006: Last Hope Soundtrack
2005: Revival ST
2003: Remix 64 Vol 2: Into Eternity

soniQ factory - music and audio service for games, http://www.soniqfactory.de/
Rafael Dyll discography at vgmdb, http://vgmdb.net/artist/1636

Accounting is one of several academic events sanctioned by the University Interscholastic League.  The contest began in the 1986-87 scholastic year. Accounting is designed to test students' understanding of general accounting principles and practices used in the business environment.

Students in Grade 9 through Grade 12 are eligible to enter this event.  All grades compete in one division, but are divided into classifications as determined by school enrollment (As with all University Interscholastic League competitions).
The test covers elementary principles and practices of accounting for sole proprietorships, partnerships, and corporations, and may include bookkeeping terminology, the worksheet with adjustments, income statement, balance sheet, trial balance, account classification, journalizing, posting, bank reconciliation, payroll, and other items related to the basic accounting cycle.
Each school may send up to four students; however, in districts with more than eight schools the district executive committee can limit participation to three students per school.  In order for a school to participate in team competition, the school must send at least three students.

The test consists of 80 questions, which must be completed in one hour.  A time signal is given at 55 minutes warning students that only five minutes remain; at the end of the hour the students must immediately stop writing.
The questions may be answered in any order; there is no penalty for skipping questions.
Students are allowed to use scratch paper and highlighter pens during the contest.  Calculators are also allowed during the contest, provided the following criteria are met:

The calculators must be basic "four-function" models, though simple functions such as percent, square root, and simple memory are allowed.  Higher-level business, financial, statistical, graphing, and scientific calculators are not permitted.
The calculators must be hand-held, operate silently, not be equipped with a tape output, and be able to operate without requiring external power (rechargeable batteries are permitted but they must be charged prior to competition).
All memory must be cleared prior to the contest.Exact answers are required on all questions.
Five points are awarded for each correct answer, no points are deducted for wrong or unanswered problems.  In addition, any of the 20 starred questions answered correctly receive one bonus point for each star (e.g., a two-star question answered correctly is worth 7 points, 5 base points for the correct answer plus one point for each star). The highest possible score on any test is a 420.

The top three individuals and the top team (determined based on the scores of the top three individuals) will advance to the next round.  In addition, within each region, the highest-scoring second place team from all district competitions advances as the "wild card" to regional competition (provided the team has four members), and within the state, the highest-scoring second place team from all regional competitions advances as the wild card to the state competition.  Members of advancing teams who did not place individually remain eligible to compete for individual awards at higher levels.
There is no tiebreaker in individual competition; all tied individuals will advance.
For team competition, the score of the fourth-place individual is used as the tiebreaker.  If a team has only three members it is not eligible to participate in the tiebreaker.  If the fourth-place score still results in a tie, the individual tiebreaker rules will not apply, and all remaining tied teams will advance.  At the state level ties for first place are not broken.
For district, regional, and state meet academic championship and sweepstakes awards, points are awarded to the school as follows:

Individual places: 1st--15, 2nd--12, 3rd--10, 4th--8, 5th--6, and 6th--4.
Team places: 1st--10 and 2nd--5.
The maximum number of points a school can earn in Accounting is 55.

NOTE: For privacy reasons, only the winning school is shown. NOTE: UIL Reclassification happened in 2015, adding the 6A classification.

NOTE: UIL did not recognize a team championship in this event until the 1992-93 scholastic year. NOTE: UIL Reclassification happened in 2015, adding the 6A classification.
NOTE: Highest score across all classification shown in bold.

Official UIL Rules for Accounting

Russian thistle is a common name that can refer to:

Echinops exaltatus, also known as Russian globe thistle, is a globe thistle native to Eurasia and an invasive species in Eastern Canada and Northern United States.
Kali tragus, formerly called Salsola tragus or Salsola kali subsp. tragus: a common weed of disturbed habitats, commonly known as prickly Russian thistle. In the United States, it is the most common and most conspicuous species colloquially called "tumbleweed". It is an invasive species that is widespread throughout North America and many other continents.
Salsola soda, also known as oppositeleaf Russian thistle.

Tumbleweed, a diaspore formed by several Salsola species

Elisabeth Finant (November 9, 1954 – September 28, 1994), cognomenously known as Abeti Fina‐Masikini or simply Abeti Masikini, was a Congolese singer, composer, bandleader, and philanthropist. With a nearly three-decades-long career, she was a significant figure in 20th-century Congolese and African popular music. Often referred to as the "Queen of Soukous", she is noted for advocating gender equality, modernizing Congolese music, and inspiring successive generations of musicians. Her band, Les Redoutables, was a launching pad for numerous female artists.Born in Kisangani, then part of the Belgian Congo and now the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Abeti Masikini made her public debut in 1971 after being discovered by Togolese producer Gérard Akueson, following her feat in the Découverte des Jeunes Talents music contest organized by singer Gérard Madiata. Her debut album, Pierre Cardin Présente: Abeti, released in 1973, propelled her into the limelight, earning televised prominence and selling out numerous concert venues in Europe and the US, including Olympia Hall and Carnegie Hall In the ensuing year, she shared the stage with James Brown, Tabu Ley Rochereau, Miriam Makeba, and Franco Luambo during the opening show of the Rumble in the Jungle in October 1974. Her sophomore album La voix du Zaire, l’idole de l’Afrique, released in 1975, earned her numerous European performances.Throughout her 20-year career, Abeti Masikini has recorded a succession of 21 studio albums for a variety of record labels including Aziza, RCA Records and Polygram Records among others. She died of uterine cancer on September 29, 1994, in Villejuif, Paris.She was the first Congolese female artist to lead her own band as well as the first Central African female artist to perform at major venues in Europe and America, such as Zénith Paris, Carnegie Hall, Olympia Hall, Royal Albert Hall, Wembley Arena, and Appollo Theater.

Abeti Masikini was born on November 9, 1954, into a Finant family, an upper-middle-class Congolese family of eight children in Stanleyville (now Kisangani), Belgian Congo. Her father, Jean-Pierre Finant, served as the first native Congolese governor of the Orientale Province in the then Republic of the Congo. Abeti Masikini's mother, Marie Masikini, was a church's choir-leading vocalist at Institut des Prêtres du Sacré-Coeur (or Collège du Sacré-Coeur: now Institut Maele). Abeti Masikini began singing as a chorister in her mother's church at an early age.In 1961, her father, a Lumumbist party adherent, was assassinated in Bakwanga (now Mbuji-Mayi). The family went into exile in Kinshasa, where Abeti Masikini matriculated at the Lycée Sacré-Cœur (now Lycée Bosangani). After completing her secondary studies, she worked as a secretary in the office of the Minister of Culture Pierre Mushete.While working as a secretary, Abeti Masikini's devotion to music swelled. In 1971, she surreptitiously modified her birthdate, claiming to be 20 years old, to participate in the "Découverte des Jeunes Talents", a music contest organized by Gérard Madiata at the Parc de la Révolution (now Kinshasa Botanical Garden), securing the third position. At the end of 1971, Togolese manager and producer Gérard Akueson, then overseeing singer Bella Bellow, spotted her during a performance in Kinshasa and became her manager. In mid-1972, bolstered by a few relatives, she established her ensemble, Les Alouettes, with her younger brother, Jean Abumba, as the leading guitarist and performed in more intimate club venues.

Pursuant to the Authenticité doctrine promulgated by President Mobutu Sese Seko, Abeti Masikini relocated to West Africa to continue working on her forthcoming album, touring in Benin, Ivory Coast, Senegal, Burkina Faso, Togo, Niger, Guinea, Ghana, and Nigeria, where she met Fela Kuti, and records in the same studio. Upon her return to Congo, she slipped into obscurity due to the absence of albums in the Congolese music market.During a recital in Kinshasa at the Palladuim Theater, Abeti Masikini announced that her debut album, Pierre Cardin Présente: Abeti, was nearing completion. Released in 1973, the album was produced by Les Disques Pierre Cardin, an eponymous label owned by French fashion designer Pierre Cardin. It featured chart-topping singles such as "Mutoto Wangu", "Bibile", "Aziza", "Miwela", "Safari", and "Papa Yaka". The album blended blues, soul, and folk melodies, which did not receive critical acclaim from Kinshasa's public. Abeti Masikini's Swahili-accented voice and eclectic musical influences relegated her to being classified as a "foreign singer". Despite the skepticism, the album received copious television appearances, with her newly christened ensemble Les Redoutables, as well as her dance troupe Les Tigresses.While on her way to perform at the Olympia Hall in Paris, scheduled on February 19, 1973, she executed the show "Soleil à Dakar" in Senegal in front of President Léopold Sédar Senghor. She later performed at the Olympia Hall alongside Mireille Mathieu and Hugues Aufray, becoming the first African artist to do so since Tabu Ley Rochereau in 1970. The concert's proceeds were earmarked for a relief fund combatting drought.Following her stint in Paris, Abeti Masikini leased a residence at Shelburne‐Murray Hill Apartment Hotel for her forthcoming concert in New York. The subsequent month, on March 11, 1974, she wowed the audience at Carnegie Hall with her ensemble and dance troupe, accompanied by electric guitars and bass as well as modern conga drums. She became one of the "few female African vocalists" to have performed in the US, following Miriam Makeba and her protégée, Letta Mbulu. In an interview with The New York Times, she conveyed that the fundamental rhythm of her music is African and that African youth are "revolutionizing their music". Following her Carnegie Hall performance, endeavors were made to organize her nationwide tour across the US.In September 1974, Abeti Masikini participated in Zaire 74, a promotional musical festival event for the heavyweight boxing championship match between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman, billed as The Rumble in the Jungle. She shared the stage with James Brown, Miriam Makeba, Franco Luambo & OK Jazz, Zaïko Langa Langa, Tabu Ley Rochereau, Bill Withers, B. B. King, and the Spinners.

In 1975, Abeti Masikini released her second album, La voix du Zaire, l'idole de l'Afrique, featuring hit singles such as "Likayabo", "Ngele Ngele", "Ngoyaye Bella Bellow", "Kiliki Bamba", "Yamba Yamba", "Naliku Penda", "Sungula", and "Acha Maivuno". Produced by Gérard Akueson, the album intricately encapsulated Zairean societal intricacies, cuisine, amorous entanglements, sexual turbulence, and the emancipation of women. The track "Ngoyale Bella Bellow" was a tribute to Bella Bellow, while "Kiliki Bamba" critiqued Mobutu's Authenticité while championing the cause of young girls against sexual predators. "Likayabo" extolled the Zairean dish of salted fish, vegetables, and regional seasonings. Meanwhile, "Yamba Yamba" lamented men's mendacity juxtaposed with the enduring love of women. The album catapulted her acclaim in West Africa, and was subsequently invited by Bruno Coquatrix to perform on the Olympia Hall stage for two consecutive days in April 1975. Following her performances, she was dubbed "the tigress with the golden claws" due to numerous rings adorning her fingers. She performed at the Stade de Lome later that year.In 1976, Abeti Masikini released her third studio album, Abeti à Paris, which included the original version of her song, "Mwana Muke Wa Miso". She subsequently took the stage in Amsterdam in 1977 and performed at the Cinéma Vog in Brazzaville the same year.While working on her forthcoming album, Visages, she released album promotional single "Motema Pasi" (alternatively known as "Bilanda-Landa"). In 1978, Abeti Masikini toured Paris for album's productions. She teamed up with arranger and producer Slim Pezin for the album's production. Visages departed from her previous works as it incorporated disco music, but maintained its Congolese rhythms with some select tracks sung entirely in Swahili, Lingala, and French. Abeti Masikini faced backlash for producing music that strayed from the authentic Congolese style. To promote her unreleased album, she embarked with her band on a West African tour. Upon her return to Kinshasa, an extensive advertising campaign was launched to announce her comeback and the release of her album. The album includes the singles "Assa Mubire", "Motema Pasi", "Bi Suivra Suivra", "Musampa", "Unipé", "Mateso Ya Dunia", "Fulu Kombé", and "Usisilike". Visages garnered some recognition in West Africa, Europe and the Caribbean.In late 1978, she released her fifth studio album, Kupepe Suka. The album was arranged and produced by Slim Pezin. She offers her gratitude to her fanbase in the track "Ngblimbo" and pays homage to her hometown Kisangani with the track "Singa Mwambé". The album's eponymous lead single, "Kupekusa", became the anthem of the Zairean national football team. She performed at the Stade in Luanda in 1978 and later took the stage at the Royal Albert Hall in London in 1979.Leveraging on the success of her two preceding albums, she sought, upon her return to Kinshasa, to broaden her audience. Collaborating for the first time with Kinshasa's prominent musical band, the OK Jazz of Franco Luambo Makiadi, she contributed two singles: "Na Pesi Yo Mboté" and "Bifamuri". These compositions featured Congolese music arrangements. "Na Pesi Yo Mboté" achieved widespread success in Kinshasa and Brazzaville, allowing her to establish her rage across Zaire.

In 1980, Abeti Masikini released her sixth studio album, Mokomboso, an eclectic mix of disco, pop, and African rhythms. In March 1980, during an official visit by President Mobutu to the People's Republic of China, singer Chu Mi Yun of the Chinese National Theater troupe replicated Abeti Masikini's style by performing two of her preceding hits: "Bisuivra Suivra" and "Motema Pasi", describing it as "the new Chinese Abeti".To celebrate her ten-year career, Abeti Masikini debuted Dixième anniversaire (Tenth Anniversary) in 1981, an extended play (EP) arranged by Sammy Massamba featuring several Congolese rumba ballads: "Baruwa Kwa Mupenzi", "Chéri Badé", "Père Bouché", "Ndolindo", "Bilonda", and "Zaire Oye". The EP's lead single, "Chéri Badé", gained popularity within the Congolese community.Transitioning to the Congolese rumba, Abeti Masikini released the single "I Love You" (Mwasi Ya Bolingo) in 1982, followed by a performance in Copenhagen. At the end of the year, she released her eighth studio album, Abeti, featuring standout hits "Jalousie" and a rendition of "Na pesi Yo Mboté". This album earned her a gold record, with over 300,000 copies sold in Africa. In 1984, she resided in Lomé with her musical ensemble until January 1986.In spring 1986, Abeti Masikini relocated to Paris and released the EP Je suis fachée. The EP's eponymous lead single was written, arranged, and produced by Cameroonian singer Georges Seba, with "Lolo" composed by Nyboma. It gained popularity in the Caribbean during a phase when the West Indian group Kassav dominated the Afro-Caribbean music scene. The EP attained gold certification. Abeti Masikini later performed at the Wembley Arena and participated in the Mama Africa Festival in Utrecht.In 1987, Abeti Masikini released En colère (EP), which included collaboration with Mpise Thezenas and Seba. Midway through 1987, she released the Soukous Parfumé. The album's lead single, "Scandale De jalousie", became a hit in the West Indies and West Africa. She promoted her EP at the Ouagadougou Stadium and took part in the Champs alizés show in Martinique, receiving the Maracas d'Or accolade for the album.In 1988, with the support of her international fan club led by Berthrand Nguyen Matoko, Finant performed at the Zénith de Paris in front of 5,000 people on September 24. The performance featured several guest artists, including Bernard Lavilliers, Manu Dibango, Seba, and François Lougah, and was broadcast live on Radio France Internationale (RFI). The success of this show led to a contract with Polygram.In 1989, Abeti Masikini toured China, delivering 17 galas alongside Yun in the country's major cities. She later performed at the Apollo Theater in Harlem.

In 1990, Abeti Masikini released her final album, La Reine du Soukous. The album includes standout singles: "Mupenzi", "Ousmane", "Bebe Matoko", "Ma Lu", and "Je Suis Occupée", and a rendition of "Mwana Muke Wa Miss". She performed in Kinshasa at the Palais du Peuple in December 1990 and concluded her final performance in the LSC hall in La Plaine Saint-Denis on New Year's Eve 1993.

Abeti Masikini was diagnosed with uterine cancer while working on her final album, which eventually progressed during her time in Paris. The illness kept her away from the public in the subsequent months, leading her to take a short hiatus from music.Finant died on September 28, 1994, in Villejuif, France, due to the progression of uterine cancer. Her body was repatriated to Kinshasa on October 9 of the same year. She was posthumously honored with a medal of the National Order of the Leopard (Ordre national du Léopard) and was laid to rest on October 10 at the Gombe cemetery. The funeral ceremony was attended by several personalities, her family members, and devoted fans.

Abeti Masikini is one of the most prominent figures in contemporary African music. She is one of the Congolese female artists who carved a professional niche in the male-dominated music scene. Her ensemble Les Redoutables is considered to be one of the greatest "musical schools" as many notable artists have passed through it, including M'bilia Bel, Lokua Kanza, Abby Surya, Malage De Lugendo, Tshala Muana, Yondo Sister, Lambio Lambio, Komba Bellow, Richard Shomari, and Joëlle Esso (dancer), among others.Her style of makeup, fashionable hairstyles, and clothing had a significant influence on several African women. In West Africa, the straight skirt with a slit is known as the "Abeti skirt", and a wax fabric was named after her hit song "Scandale De Jalousie".In 2014, a documentary film titled Abeti Masikini: Le Combat d'Une Femme was released, which traces Abeti Masikini's life and artistic journey. The film was directed by Laura Kutila and Ne Kunda Nlaba.

1973: Pierre Cardin Présente: Abeti (Les Disques Pierre Cardin/Sonafric) Ref: SAF 93501
1975: La voix du Zaire, l'idole de l'Afrique (Pathé Marconi/EMI) Ref: 2C O64 15741
1976: Abeti à Paris (Pathé Marconi/EMI) Ref: 2C06215.772
1977: Abeti (Capriccio) Ref: 37014
1977: Visages (BBZ productions/RCA) Ref: BZL 7014
1978: Abeti: Kupepe Suka (BBZ productions/RCA) Ref: BZL 7019, RCA – BZL 7019
1979: Na Pesi Yo Mboté (45 rpm)
1979: Bifamuri (45 rpm)
1979: Mbanda Na Ngai (45 rpm)
1980: Mokomboso (Eddy'son/ Sonics Records) Ref: 79398 / 79398
1981: Dixième anniversaire (Dragon Phoenix) Ref: DPX 829
1982: Abeti (Iris production) Ref: IRS 001
1983: Abeti: Naleli (Zika Production)
1984: Amour Ya Sens Unique (IAD/African Record Industry) Ref:IAD/S 0015
1984: Abeti & Eyenga Moseka: The Duo Of The Century (IAD/ African Record Industry) Ref: IAD/S 0016
1985: Ba Mauvais Copiste (Win Records/Africa New Sound/Tabansi) Ref: WNL 403, ANS 8402
1985: Samoura (Bade Stars Music) Ref: AM 030
1986: Je suis fachée (Bade Stars Music) Ref: AM 033
1987: En colère (Bade Stars Music) Ref: AM 035
1988: Scandale de jalousie ( maxi 45 rpm ) (Polygram/ LAB) Ref: LAB 101
1990:  La Reine du soukous (AMG/Polygram)

2013: Le Tube Chéri Bade (Biobionava/ G.Akueson). Reissue of the Tenth Anniversary album .

Berthrand Nguyen Matoko (1999). Abeti Masikini la voix d'or du Zaïre. L'Harmattan. ISBN 2-738-47823-9.

The 2016–17 Utah Jazz season was the 43rd season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and the 38th season of the franchise in Salt Lake City. They qualified for the playoffs for the first time since 2012.
The Jazz finished the regular season with a 51–31 record, securing the 5th seed. In the playoffs, the Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers in the First Round in seven games and advanced to the Western Conference semifinals, where they were swept in four games by the eventual champion Golden State Warriors.
Following the season, Gordon Hayward would sign as a free agent with the Boston Celtics. He was also selected to play in the 2017 NBA All-Star Game.

 Additions 

 Subtractions

The first inauguration of James Madison as the fourth president of the United States was held on Saturday, March 4, 1809, in the chamber of the House of Representatives at the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The inauguration marked the commencement of the first four-year term of James Madison as president and the second term of George Clinton as vice president. The presidential oath was administered by Chief Justice John Marshall. The President wore a 100% American-made wool suit, and the first official inaugural ball occurred at Long's Hotel, with ticket prices being $4 (currently about $75). Clinton died 3 years, 47 days into this term, and the office remained vacant for the balance of it. (Prior to ratification of the Twenty-fifth Amendment in 1967, no constitutional provision existed for filling an intra-term vacancy in the vice presidency.) Clinton was the first vice president to die in office.

Madison rode to the capitol on March 4, 1809 with the Washington and Georgetown cavalry escorting him. He entered the House of Representatives with Jefferson's cabinet members. President Jefferson attended the inauguration and sat beside Madison at the front of the hall. The Supreme Court Justices sat in front of Madison. According to spectators in the gallery, Madison spoke softly at first with an obvious tremble but addressed the chamber more loudly as his speech went on. The new president wore a black suit.
After the inaugural address and oath of office, Madison and his wife, Dolley Madison, welcomed visitors at their home on F Street where the huge crowd overwhelmed them. They subsequently attended an inaugural ball at Long's Hotel. Wearing a velvet dress, Dolley, the new First Lady, drew large crowds of admirers at the ball, while Madison described the occasion as exhausting and unpleasant.

On March 4, 1809, James Madison gave his Inaugural Address and was sworn into office as the fourth president of the United States of America. He addressed the nation on how he felt. He felt honor and responsibility in a way he could not express when elected president. He acknowledged that the United States was a country with a great deal of issues and difficulties, and the pressure of that hit him hard. He also mentioned how great the United States was and how far it has come as a country in a short period of time.
He informed the people that the country was trying to make peace and have good relations with all nations, especially with belligerent nations. He wanted to remain a neutral country as Americans progressed and built their nation. He mentioned that the US had one too many bloody and wasteful wars. "It has been the true glory of the United States to cultivate peace by observing justice."
Madison promised to meet with United States councils to make safeguards and to honor its essential interest with other nations. He wanted to build up and fund a strong military and militia, to defend the republic and the rights of the people.
Madison ended his speech with gratitude towards people in the past who had done so much for the United States, and wished the best for the future of this young thriving country.

Presidency of James Madison
Second inauguration of James Madison
1808 United States presidential election

More documents from the Library of Congress
Text of Madison's First Inaugural Address

Ebenezer is an unincorporated community located in the town of Watertown, in Jefferson County, Wisconsin, United States.

Edwin E. Witte, educator and economist

Frederick II, Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, called the Pious (German: Friedrich II Herzog von Mecklenburg-Schwerin; 9 November 1717 – 21 April 1785) was Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin from 1756 until his death.

Frederick was born at Schwerin, the son of Christian Ludwig II, Duke of Mecklenburg, and his wife, Duchess Gustave Caroline of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
In his childhood and youth his great-aunt Duchess Augusta of Mecklenburg-Güstrow had great influence on the intellectual and spiritual development of Frederick, essentially in instilling the beliefs of Pietism.

After the death of his father in 1756, Frederick assumed the government of the Duchy. Shortly after his accession the country was involved in the Seven Years' War.
Frederick, was a supporter of Pietism. He encouraged the school system, promoted the textile manufacturing and abolished torture. In 1764 he moved his residence from Schwerin to Schloss Ludwigslust. In 1765 he ordered the construction of the Imperial Church (completed in 1770, now the City Church) by architect Johann Joachim Busch, and he continued the expansion of Schloss Ludwigslust between 1772 and 1776.

Frederick married on 2 March 1746  at Schwedt to Duchess Louise Frederica of Württemberg, daughter of Frederick Louis, Hereditary Prince of Württemberg, and his wife Margravine Henrietta Maria of Brandenburg-Schwedt. They had four children, who died young.
At his death, the dukedom was inherited by his nephew Frederick Francis, a son of his brother Louis.

Genealogisches Handbuch des Adels, Fürstliche Häuser, Reference: 1956
Het Groothertogelijk Huis Mecklenburg, Bergen-op-Zoom, 1901–1902, Juten, W. J. F., Reference: 106

The Sung Am Archives of Classical Literature is a literature museum in Seoul, South Korea.

List of museums in South Korea

Sir David Pieter de Villiers Graaff, 1st Baronet (30 March 1859 – 13 April 1931) was a South African cold storage magnate and politician. Graaff revolutionized the cold storage industry in Africa.  He founded the Imperial Cold Storage and Supply Company in 1899, and aggressively ran it until he left to serve in government.  Graaff grew the company into one of the largest in Africa. Graaff's wealth soared, at the turn of the century.  During World War I he personally part financed the South African war effort and for this he was knighted as well as for services at the Paris Peace Conference 1919.

David Graaff was the fourth child of Petrus Novbertus Graaff and Anna Elisabeth.  He was born in the small town of Villiersdorp, named after his maternal grandfather, Pieter Hendrik de Villiers, who founded the town in 1841.  Little is known of his early childhood other than that his family was very poor.  In 1870, at the age of eleven, he went to work in his great-uncle's butchery, Combrinck & CO., in Cape Town, while being privately educated. His great-uncle, Jacobus Arnoldus Combrinck, hoped that Graaff would take over his successful butchery so that he could enter colony politics.: 8–9 Graaff arrived in Cape Town during a time of rapid economic and population growth.  Three years earlier one of the largest deposits of diamonds in history had been discovered in the interior of the county.  By the time the Cullinan Diamond was discovered in 1869 the city was flooded with prospectors and investors hoping to capitalise on the discovery.  At the time Cape Town was the largest and best developed settlement in southern Africa and served as a major logistics center for prospectors.: 11 In 1881, eleven years after arriving in Cape Town, he and his younger brother Jacobus Arnoldus Graaff took over the business.  At the time the business was worth GB£47,000 (£24,300,000 in 2010 pounds). One year later, in 1882, the first commercially successful shipment of refrigerated meat arrived in London from Australia on board the Dunedin.  Graaff, realizing the importance of this technological innovation for his butchery business, spent much of the 1880s extensively traveling around the world.  Learning all he could about the meat markets and abattoirs of the United Kingdom as well as the meat packing plants of Chicago and the rest of United States.  He spent much of the rest of the 1880s and 1890s implementing the techniques and technologies he learned from these trips in his businesses in addition to serving in government.: 18–23 

Graaff was also active in public affairs.  He was a volunteer soldier, and commanded the Cape Garrison Artillery for a few years.  He was a Cape Town city councillor from 1882, and served as mayor in 1891–1892 when he was 32 years old making him the city's youngest mayor.  He presented the city with its mayoral chain, which is still in use, and took the lead in introducing electricity into the city.  Building the city's first power station which still stands today next to the Molteno Dam. He also played a large role in the construction of many new reservoirs to supply the city with water. Graaff was also a member of parliament from 1891 to 1897.: 25–27 In 1895, in Cape Town itself the Graaff Electric Lighting Works had begun to operate when a power station was erected near the Molteno reservoir on Table Mountain. The Graaff part of the name refers to David Pieter de Villers-Graaff (created Sir in 1911) who was between 1891 and 1892 Mayor of Cape Town and convinced that the future of electricity was a very "bright" one. The demand for "light" continued and in 1907 the Municipality of Kalk Bay and Muizenberg to supply their customers, built a power station near the beach. A year or so later in 1908 the Woodstock Municipality received their electricity supply from the Dock Road Power Station. Then in 1912 the Cape Town City Council bought the assets of the Claremont Electric Light Works and became the suppliers of both the city and the suburbs.

Graaff left office to focus growing his business and in 1899 he and his brother founded the Imperial Cold Storage and Supply Company.  The company grew into one of the largest meat processing and distribution companies in the world and was responsible for generating much of Graaff's fortune.  They concentrated on supplying ships, and in conjunction with the Union and Castle shipping lines, they developed the first cold-storage enterprise in South Africa.: 18 It was during this time that Graaff, together with Ernest Oppenheimer, eventually succeeded in bringing all German mining interests together to form the Consolidated Diamond Mines of South-West Africa, under the general control of the Anglo American Corporation. C.D.M. is now the largest producer of gem diamonds in the world, and even though in those days the rich beach terraces stretching north from the Orange River had not been discovered, it was a large-scale producer and as a result of this transaction Anglo American's position as an important factor in the diamond industry had been firmly established.During the Anglo-Boer War (1899–1902), Graaff obtained lucrative contracts to supply the British Army in the field, but he also made substantial donations towards alleviating the suffering of Boer prisoners of war, and providing medical supplies to Boer women and children held in British Army concentration camps.When the meat market slumped after the war, Graaff invested in property in and around Cape Town.  He bought the farm De Grendel in Plattekloof, outside Cape Town, where he built up a Friesland cattle stud as well as his beloved Arabian horses.

Graaff was a member of parliament again from 1908 to 1920. He was Minister without Portfolio in the Cape Colony's last cabinet (1908–1910).  A close friend and confidant of Gen Louis Botha, the first prime minister of the Union of South Africa, he was created a baronet in 1911 and served as Minister of Public Works and of Posts and Telegraphs (1911–1912), Minister without Portfolio (1912–1913), High Commissioner in London for Union of South Africa (1914) and Minister of Finance (1915–1916).  He was a Member of House of Assembly for the Union of South Africa from 1910 to 1920.He accompanied Botha to the Versailles peace conference in 1919.  He was also a close confidant of Gen Jan Smuts and Winston Churchill. He was a member of the National Liberal Club.

Graaff and his brother financed the building of the De Villiers Graaff High School in Villiersdorp in 1907, establishing a GB£100 000 (equivalent to £41,100,000 or R471,195,167 in 2010) endowment fund for the school.
When Sir David died in 1931, his estate was consolidated into one company, Graaff's Trust, one of the largest land owners in South Africa.Apart from his political career his most notable achievements were the construction of the Table Mountain Aerial Cableway, which the family still part own today, as well as large mining and later property interests and investments. His trademark mansions are still scattered around Cape Town today. His beach house Zonnekus on Woodbridge Island, was built by Italian artisans and the material was shipped to South Africa during the great depression. Previously he had built De Grendel, an 8000 hectare stud farm where he bred prized Arab horses.
He was succeeded as baronet by his eldest son De Villiers.  He was also survived by his youngest son, Johannes, a noted Welfare Economist.

Graaff Baronets
Imperial Cold Storage and Supply Company
Meat packing industry

Dictionary of South African Biography Volume II.
Barnard, Prof L. and Kriek, Prof D. (Eds) (1990).  Sir De Villiers Graaff.  Digma, Pretoria.
Graaff, De Villiers. (1993) "Div Looks Back: The memoirs of Sir De Villiers Graaff". Human & Rousseau, Cape Town.
Simons, Phillida Brooke. (2000) "Ice cold in Africa: The history of the Imperial Cold Storage & Supply Company Limited". Fernwood Press, Cape Town.

 Media related to David Graaff at Wikimedia Commons

Robert Clifton Henley (born January 30, 1973) is an American professional baseball coach, former Major League catcher and former minor league manager.  A longtime member of the Washington Nationals' organization, he was promoted to Major League third-base coach on the staff of new Nationals' manager Matt Williams on November 19, 2013.

During his active career (1993–1999; 2002), Henley threw and batted right-handed; he stood 6 feet 2 inches (1.88 m) tall and weighed 190 pounds (86 kg).  He graduated from Mobile County High School in Grand Bay, Alabama, and was selected in the 26th round by the Montreal Expos (predecessors to the Nationals) in the 1991 Major League Baseball draft. Fighting persistent injuries, Henley broke into pro baseball in 1993, then progressed through the Montreal farm system, batting over .300 twice.
In 1998, he saw his only Major League service. He spent the early part of the season on the disabled list, and then appeared in 50 minor league games with the Triple-A Ottawa Lynx and the Class A Jupiter Hammerheads before making his MLB debut as a defensive replacement in the eighth inning of a 6–1 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates on July 19 at Olympic Stadium.  He walked in his first MLB plate appearance, and, the following day, when he started against the Philadelphia Phillies, he singled off Curt Schilling in his first official at bat.Henley would appear in 41 games, starting 30 at catcher, for the 1998 Expos, as he and Mike Hubbard backed up regular Chris Widger. He amassed 35 hits and 11 walks in 132 plate appearances, batting .304 and collecting three homers (off Pedro Astacio, Kirt Ojala and Bobby Jones) and eight doubles.  On September 25, his penultimate appearance of the season, Henley went 4-for-4 with two doubles and three runs batted in against the St. Louis Cardinals.But 1998 would be his only Major League season, and his last full season as an active player. Beset by elbow miseries, he played in only two minor league games in 1999 and missed the 2000 and 2001 campaigns completely.  Released by the Expos, he got into one minor league game with the Class A Hickory Crawdads, a Pittsburgh Pirates affiliate, in 2002 before retiring from the field.

Henley rejoined the Montreal system in 2003 as manager of the Rookie-Level Gulf Coast League Expos, and remained in the organization after the Expos relocated to Washington, D.C., in 2005, managing at the Rookie and Class A levels through 2009, and serving as the Nationals' field coordinator of minor league instruction from 2010 to 2013, leading to his promotion to Williams' staff. He was fired with Williams and the rest of the coaching staff after the 2015 season, but was rehired to serve under new manager Dusty Baker. His contract expired after the 2017 season, but Henley was again rehired as third base coach, becoming the only holdover from Baker's coaching staff to join the new staff headed by manager Dave Martinez. On October 10, 2021, Henley was removed from his major league role but remained in the organization in a player development role.

Career statistics and player information from MLB, or ESPN, or Baseball Reference, or Fangraphs, or Baseball Reference (Minors), or Retrosheet

The 1945–46 Istanbul Football League season was the 38th season of the league. Beşiktaş J.K. won the league for the 9th time. Beşiktaş JK, Fenerbahçe SK, İstanbulspor, and Galatasaray SK qualified for the National League.

Den of Iniquity (German: Sündenbabel) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Constantin J. David and starring Reinhold Schünzel, Jack Trevor and Maly Delschaft.The film's sets were designed by the art director Alfred Junge.

Reinhold Schünzel as Emil Stiebel
Jack Trevor as Hellmuth Roeder
Maly Delschaft as Loni, seine Frau
Hans Brausewetter as Hans Lengefeld
Arnold Korff as John Benningsen
Barbara von Annenkoff as Madame Marion
Anna Müller-Lincke as Frau Tietze
Renate Brausewetter as Erna Tietze
Kurt Vespermann as Gustav
Frida Richard as Reinemachefrau
Eugen Rex
Gretl Schubert
Grete Kerstein

Hans-Michael Bock and Tim Bergfelder. The Concise Cinegraph: An Encyclopedia of German Cinema. Berghahn Books, 2009.

Den of Iniquity at IMDb

The Southern Association of Independent Schools (SAIS), founded in 1953, is a U.S.-based voluntary regional accrediting association of more than 380 independent elementary and secondary schools with a combined enrollment of more than 220,000 students throughout the South. It establishes accreditation criteria and evaluation procedures by which private schools are reviewed.

Southern Association of Independent Schools is an association of schools in 14 Southeastern states, as well as the Caribbean and Latin America, making it the largest regional independent school association in the country. SAIS oversees a voluntary process of self-evaluation and continuous improvement, the accreditation review of educational quality provided by each member school.SAIS is a member of the National Association of Independent Schools and the National Council for Private School Accreditation.Although the United States Department of Education (ED) does not recognize accreditation by SAIS, SAIS works both independently and also in conjunction with other associations, partnering with the following ED-recognized associations to co-accredit schools: Cognia (formerly AdvancED and SACS), Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools, Western Association of Schools and Colleges, American Montessori Society, Association of Waldorf Schools of North America, Association of Christian Schools International, and Christian Schools International. According to the SAIS website, "The federal government recognizes SAIS accreditation for the purposes of issuing student exchange documentation through the Department of Homeland Security. The National Collegiate Athletic Association recognizes SAIS accreditation in determining athletic eligibility for incoming student-athletes."According to Jennifer Oliver of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS), "Accreditation can play a role in where a child can go to college after graduation.... and the child's ability to get scholarships." Additionally, "'There are many other good accrediting organizations,' Oliver said. Some are state-based accrediting agencies, others are for religious schools or private schools, she said, citing the Southern Association of Independent Schools as an example."A 2010 dissertation described the leadership qualities of independent school headmasters affiliated with three independent school accrediting associations, including the Southern Association of Independent Schools. Heads of independent schools were also the subject of a 2022 NAIS article in Independent School, including a sidebar describing a new SAIS Head of School Database, funded by the E.E. Ford Foundation, that "provides information and visible reports on school head histories, search timing, consulting assignments, immediate prior job appointments, school basics..." The database is available for member school trustees and head of school candidates, to help them "gain a better understanding of the search and transition process".

Southern Association of Independent Schools was formed in 1953 to offer accreditation. In the 1950s, SAIS represented 138 schools in 11 southern states. In 1954 SAIS began accrediting schools outside the United States, with the acceptance of Escola Graduada Sao Paulo in Brazil.In 1959 the organization began considering the idea of moderate mixing of the races. By 1960 the number of private schools was increasing rapidly, due to the desire of White parents to maintain a system of education which kept their children segregated from Black children. As a result, the SAIS issued a proclamation welcoming good new schools, but condemning attempts "to make financial profit out of the present emergency by the opening of sub-standard private schools".In 1976, the organization argued before the Supreme Court for the right of independent schools to discriminate based on race. SAIS filed a Friend of the Court brief. Thurgood Marshall responded to an argument advanced by the attorney representing SAIS:

In 1986 a merger with Mid-South Association of Independent Schools (founded in 1903) retained the name, "Southern Association of Independent Schools."In 2005, SAIS was described as "a nongovernmental, voluntary organization that today accredits more than 13,000 public and nonpublic institutions from early childhood through university."In 2021 the organization added "Diversity, equity, and inclusion" to its training. In 2023 the SAIS hosted the 2023 DEI institute.In 2023 SAIS had a data breach that exposed an estimated 700,000 records online including student and teacher data.

SAIS has been offering dual accreditation since 1953. In 2004, SAIS began offering a dual accreditation with the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS), now known as Cognia, for accreditation of K–12 schools.SAIS developed standards and self-study processes for independent schools with SACS.  Schools participating in the dual accreditation process communicate and work with SAIS in preparation for the accreditation cycle. Participating schools must meet standards listed in the SAIS Accreditation Guidebook, responding in writing to each indicator. When evidence of an indicator is not shown, the school must explain how the standard is met in the absence of the indicator. The chair and visiting team report to the SAIS Accreditation Committee, evaluating whether the school has met the standards and performed a thorough and adequate self-study. The SAIS Accreditation Committee has final approval of the school's report for accreditation.

http://www.sais.org
http://www.nais.org
http://www.sacs.org

The Texas–Permian Basin Falcons football team represents the University of Texas Permian Basin (abbreviated as UTPB) in college football at the NCAA Division II level. The Falcons are members of the Lone Star Conference (LSC), fielding its team in the LSC since 2016. The Falcons play their home games at Ratliff Stadium in Odessa, Texas while Astound Broadband Stadium in the neighboring city of Midland, Texas serves as an alternate home stadium.Their head coach is Kris McCullough, who took over the position for the 2023 season.

In December 2013, the University of Texas System Regents approved the business plan that the University of Texas Permian Basin needed to secure $9.5 million be the end of 2014 in order to support the first five years of their American football program, including start-up costs and four seasons of play. In order to help fund the required amount, the $35 student union fee was transformed into an athletic fee. The school hoped to expand the school's student body up to 8,000 students by 2020, hoping that football would help expand the student population.On October 15, 2014, the UTPB announced that the school had secured the necessary $9.5 million in funding to move forward with establishing the school's football program. The team was slated to begin play for the 2016 season. The school began its search for a head coach in November 2014.

On January 8, 2015, the school hired former Tarleton State offensive coordinator Justin Carrigan as the school's first head coach. Carrigan played college football for Angelo State and also coached for Midwestern State and UTEP along with his stint at Tarleton State.The team's first season consisted of seven home games and four away games. The team's home games were played at Ratliff Stadium in Odessa, Texas, and also hosted a game annually at Astound Broadband Stadium in Midland, Texas, Starting off the season they faced Division III Sul Ross in their first-ever game. The Falcons won 27–6 and the school's football program officially played, and won, its first ever game as a Division II school. The team won their next game against NAIA opponent Arizona Christian before losing their remaining nine games of the season.The following three seasons, the team went 2–9 in 2017, 2–9 in 2018, and an improved 4–7 in 2019. In 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Lone Star Conference announced that it would not be holding conference play. Despite the conference not officially holding in-conference play, UTPB still played fellow conference members, Western New Mexico, Texas A&M–Kingsville, and Midwestern State as the games were not counted as conference games. Due to Ratliff Stadium being used as a mass COVID-19 vaccination hub, the school used Grande Communications Stadium as their home field. In the shortened season, the Falcons won all five of their matchups and finished the season with a 5–0 record—their highest win total under Carrigan. In 2021 and 2022, the team finished 5–6 and made it to the Heritage Bowl in 2021. On November 28, 2022, Carrigan announced that he was stepping down as the head coach of the school's football team after reaching the team's first-ever bowl game a year prior.

On December 22, 2022, the school hired former East Central head coach Kris McCullough to be the school's second head coach. McCullough previously coached for Henderson State, Old Dominion, and Fairmont State before joining East Central. He was promoted to head coach for the 2022 season and lead the team to a Heritage Bowl win.In McCullough's coaching debut he helped lead the Falcons to a 96–0 win over NAIA opponent Texas College; the 96 points scored are the most in program history. Two weeks later, the Falcons would score 80-plus points again, defeating Southwest Baptist 86–7. On October 16, 2023, the Falcons were ranked no. 25 in the D2 Football poll, marking the first time in program history that the Falcons were ranked in a national poll. A week later, October 23, the Falcons were ranked in the AFCA poll for the first time in program history, entering the poll at no. 22. The Falcons would finish the regular season at 10–1, 8–0 in LSC play, securing both the program's first winning season (outside of the amended spring 2021 season) and first conference title. McCullough would be named LSC coach of the year while quarterback Kenny Hrncir was named LSC Offensive Player of the Year. The Falcons received a bid for the NCAA Division II playoffs for the first time in program history, hosting Bemidji State in the first round.

Lone Star Conference (2016–present)

Official record (including any NCAA imposed vacates and forfeits) against all current LSC opponents as of the completion of the 2023 season.
* Signifies former LSC members
** Signifies future LSC member

The Falcons have an all-time bowl game record of 0–1.

The Falcons have made one appearance in the NCAA Division II playoffs, with a record of 0-1.

Corin Brooks, OT – Kansas City Chiefs and New York Giants (2017)

Texas–Permian Basin Falcons

Official website

Forest Prairie Township is a township in Meeker County, Minnesota, United States.  The population was 869 at the 2000 census.

Forest Prairie Township was given that name for the forests and prairies within its borders.  It is just north of Forest City, south of Watkins, and by Clear Lake.  It was first settled in the spring of 1866 by Merritt Birdsall Case, Charles T. Groot, James Hooser, J. S. Reynolds, George Scrivner, George Smith, James W. Polk, Seymour Stevens, and Michael A. Roach.  The first white births in the township were twins born to Mr. and Mrs. George Smith in 1866.  The first white death was Mrs. George Smith in 1866.  Birthing complications?  The township was organized on July 10, 1867.  The first postmaster was H. M. Storrs in 1867.  The first school was taught by Mrs. James Hooser in 1868.  The Minneapolis Pacific Railway Co. purchased land in 1886 and laid their own line of track, temporarily giving Forest Prairie a reputation as a railroading village rather than one as a prospering farm community. The town of Watkins was also started because of the railroad. Today it is the only town in the township.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 35.4 square miles (92 km2), of which 34.3 square miles (89 km2)  is land and 1.1 square miles (2.8 km2)  (3.14%) is water.
Forest Prairie Township is located in Township 121 North of the Arkansas Base Line and Range 30 West of the 5th Principal Meridian.

As of the census of 2000, there were 869 people, 300 households, and 249 families residing in the township.  The population density was 25.3 inhabitants per square mile (9.8/km2).  There were 361 housing units at an average density of 10.5 per square mile (4.1/km2).  The racial makeup of the township was 99.42% White, 0.12% African American, and 0.46% from two or more races.
There were 300 households, out of which 39.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 77.0% were married couples living together, 3.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.0% were non-families. 13.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.90 and the average family size was 3.19.
In the township, the population was spread out, with 28.9% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 27.3% from 25 to 44, 28.5% from 45 to 64, and 9.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.4 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.8 males.
The median income for a household in the township was $46,375, and the median income for a family was $49,444. Males had a median income of $32,788 versus $22,083 for females. The per capita income for the township was $17,340.  About 5.2% of families and 7.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.6% of those under age 18 and 4.1% of those age 65 or over.

Thelnetham is a village and civil parish in the West Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located on the southern bank of the River Little Ouse (the Norfolk-Suffolk border), six miles west of Diss, in 2005 its population was 230. The village of Blo' Norton lies on the Norfolk side of the river. The name of the village derives from the Old English words "thel" which means a plank bridge, "elfitu" meaning swans and "hamm" meaning a meadow or enclosure. Hence the village is the "meadow with the plank bridge and the swans".

North of the village and along the river is the Blo' Norton and Thelnetham Fen Site of Special Scientific Interest, an important calcareous fen wetland site supporting a range of rare species such as black bog rush Schoenus nigricans and saw sedge Cladium mariscus plant species. The Little Ouse Headwaters Project manages part of this area as well as surrounding wetland areas such as Hinderclay Fen and Suffolk Wildlife Trust also has a reserve on part of the site.

The 4 hectares (9.9 acres) Bugg's Hole Fen SSSI is located west of the village. This is a spring fed area of fen with a wide range of habitats and flora including uncommon plant species such as common butterwort Pinguicula vulgaris, bog pimpernel Anagallis tenella and adder’s tongue fern Ophioglossum vulgatum.

The Church of St. Nicholas is the Church of England parish church of Thelnetham and part of the United Benefice of Stanton.Dating from the 14th century, it is said to have been built by Edmund Gonville, founder of Gonville Hall, later Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, who was rector here from 1320–1326.   Many older features remain including a simple octagonal font, the doorways and stairs to the rood loft behind the pulpit, a 14th century arcade, and arches with octagonal piers and quarter-round mouldings. The chancel and south aisle both have medieval stone altars with recut consecration crosses which were reinstated during the 1895 restoration.  Other notable features include a small brass with an inscription below it to Anne Caley (around 1500) on the large squint at the south-east end of the nave. On the south wall of the aisle an alabaster and marble monument to Henry Buckenham (died 1648) and Dorothy his wife (died 1645) can be found and on the north wall of the nave is an 18th century wooden panel with the Flight into Egypt carved in high relief (probably Italian).

Lodge Farm (now called Thelnetham House) was built in 1699 and was the subject of a book by the British author and critic John Middleton Murry. His book, Community Farm was an account of his time at Lodge Farm during the Second World War when he ran the farm as a commune for conscientious objectors.

Thelnetham Windmill is a restored 19th century tower mill and is located to the west of the village. It is open to the public on occasional weekends throughout the summer.

Thelnetham Vineyard is a 3-acre (1.2 ha) vineyard on the banks of the Little Ouse which was planted in 1985 and which produces sparkling white wine.

A 16th century stone cross located to the west of the village near the junction of Hopton Road and Mill Road, an area formerly known as Cross Green.  Only several blocks of ashlar, forming the base and a small part of the shaft, remain in the orchard belonging to The Evergreen Oak, the early 16th century former public house.  Moved from fields to its present location, the original site of the Trappetes' Cross has not been identified.The cross was bequeathed to the village by John Cole of Thelnetham in his will of 1527 in which he gave the instruction “Item 1. I will have a new crosse made accordinge to Trappetes' Crosse at the Hawelanesende and sett upp at Short Groves ende, where the Gospell ys sayde upon Ascension Even, for which I assigne xs" (10 shillings).  Shortgrove Lane now runs from Hopton village to a junction with Gypsy Lane in Thelnetham and then along the parish boundary to Weathercock Farm. Cole owned land in `Longsake' Furlong adjacent to `Ratons Lane', which now seems to be called Gypsy Lane.  It is likely that his cross was erected at the high point near the junction of Shortgrove and Gypsy Lane (and the former Market Lane). John Cole further directed that a certain farm-rent should be applied yearly to the purpose of providing “a bushel and halffe of malte to be browne, and a bushel of whete to be baked to fynde a drinkinge upon Ascension Even everlasting for ye parishe of Thelnetham to drinke at the Cross of Trappetes”.  
Reference to the cross can still be found in the names of nearby dwellings such as Trappetes Cross Cottages and Cross Green Farm.

Blo' Norton and Thelnetham Fen
Thelnetham Windmill
Little Ouse Headwaters Project

 Media related to Thelnetham at Wikimedia Commons

The Statue of Europe (also referred to as Unity in Peace) is a sculpture symbolising peace through European integration, while at the same time aiming to demonstrate the motto of the European Union (EU), "United in Diversity". It is located in the garden of Convent Van Maerlant (the library of the European Commission) in the crossroads of the Rue Van Maerlant/Van Maerlantsraat and the Chaussée d'Etterbeek/Etterbeeksesteenweg, in the European Quarter of Brussels, Belgium. Made out of resin, the statue measures more than 5 m (16 feet) and weighs nearly 800 kg (1,800 pounds). It was inaugurated on 9 December 2003 by Neil Kinnock and Viviane Reding, who respectively were Vice-President of the European Commission  and Commissioner for Culture at the time. 2003 was the European Year of People with Disabilities, and the Eastern enlargement of the EU was awaited.
The statue was manufactured, modelled, polished, and painted by visually impaired children under the supervision of by French artist Bernard Romain, who wanted to demonstrate that disability was not a disqualifying factor. Tightly entwined, the differently coloured arms symbolise the culturally diverse peoples of Europe, collectively lifting a sphere reminiscent of the EU flag, surmounted by the dove of peace.

Euro-Skulptur

[1] Bernard Romain Website
European Commission
"Statue of Europe Commission Européenne Bernard Romain" on YouTube

The 2014 World Sambo Championships was held in Narita, Japan between the 20 and 24 November 2014. This tournament included competition in both Sambo, and Combat Sambo.

http://www.eurosambo.com/en/competitions/2014/151/

Coprosma lucida, commonly known as shining karamu, karamū, kāramuramu, shiny karamu, or kakaramu, is a shrub or tree endemic to New Zealand. 

Coprosma lucida is a plant that is typically found in the form of a shrub or tree. This plant reaches a maximum height between 5 and 6 metres.This species of Coprosma is a large-leaved species compared with other Coprosmas. The leaves are dark green on the upper surface and a paler green underneath, with a leaf margin that sometimes undulates. The leaves of C. lucida are typically between 12 and 17cm long. The typical width of C. lucida leaves at their widest point is 3-5cm. The leaves are elliptical in shape, with a decreasing width at the tip of the leaf and where the leaf meets the petiole. The petiole of a plant connects the leaf to the stem. For C. lucida, the petiole is typically 1-3cm long, with a short, triangular stipule between opposite petioles. This triangular green stipule is green, which differs from the black tip on the stipule of the otherwise similar-looking and often co-occurring Coprosma robusta. On the leaves of C. lucida, the midrib is very prominent and can be felt protruding from the upper and lower surfaces of the leaf  (unlike Coprosma robusta, which has an indented midrib on its upper surface).
The underside of C. lucida leaves typically has domatia. Domatia are large follicles on the leaf surface that provide shelter for mites to live on the leaf and protect the leaf from invading pests and diseases. The domatia on C. lucida can be found in the junctions between the secondary veins and the midrib.The roots and inner bark of C. lucida are a yellow colour, rather than dull brown like the similar C. robusta. Additionally, unlike C. robusta and some other Coprosma species, C. lucida does not have a foul-smelling odour. The yellow colouration of C. lucida bark is caused by the presence of anthraquinones in the bark; anthraquinones are molecules that provide a yellow dying quality to the tissue. The branches of C. lucida are short and thick, with younger branches having a greener structure and older branches turning brown with the development of bark.Typically, C. lucida is dioecious. This means that plants of this species are either male or female and produce either pollen or seeds. However, some cases of monoecy have been observed in C. lucida, where individual plants were noted to have both male and female reproductive structures. The flowers that are produced by C. lucida are present on panicles extending from the leaf axils of older branches. The leaf axils are the locations where the petioles of the leaves meet the branches of the plant. The flowers of C. lucida are white or green in colouration.C. lucida produces small clusters of oblong fruit that are yellow-orange to orange. Each fruit has two seeds surrounded by an endocarp and a juicy pericarp. At the point where the peduncle meets the fruit, the peduncle widens slightly. A peduncle is a specialised stem that holds the fruit to the branch of the tree.

C. lucida is endemic to New Zealand. 

C. lucida is a plant that lives in warm, temperate regions. Within New Zealand, C. lucida is typically found in low coastal and montane forests. C. lucida is found throughout both mainland islands of New Zealand and some smaller surrounding islands, extending as far south as Big South Cape Island. The latitudinal range of C. lucida in New Zealand is between 34.42°S and 46.75°S. However, C. lucida is rare on Stewart Island, where deer populations have drastically reduced the population. Smale et al. also noted that C. lucida can be found growing in geothermal soils of the Taupō Volcanic Zone.

C. lucida is an understory plant. C. lucida can also be found in forest gaps, at forest margins, and in regenerating forest sites. As an understory or sub-canopy plant, C. lucida is often associated with Kauri forests. Additionally, C. lucida has been noted as an epiphyte, including as an epiphyte on tree ferns. After disturbance events, C. lucida is an early successional plant. Furthermore, C. lucida can be consistently found growing in geothermal zones. Due to the preference of C. lucida for coastal and montane habitats, the plant is present at altitudes ranging from sea level to 1130 metres.

C. lucida is a fast-growing and short-lived shrub. Once the plant has reached maturity, C. lucida has flowers and fruit for extended portions of the year. The flowers appear during the spring season, the fruit begins to develop during the next winter, and fruit is not fully ripened until the following autumn. This means that the fruiting season from one year often overlaps with the fruiting season of the next, leading to plants that produce fruits of two different growth stages at one time. Overall, the fruit of this plant takes about 17 months to develop after the flower is fertilised. The seeds of C. lucida are then dispersed through birds.

When growing in geothermal areas, C. lucida is found in soils at the cooler end of the soil temperature gradient. In addition, C. lucida has a tolerance to shade. This means that C. lucida can grow in some areas where denser canopies prevent light from penetrating to the forest floor. The frost resistance of C. lucida is between -7°C and -8°C, and the plant has a hardiness zone rating of 8.

The foliage of C. lucida is a food source for the introduced species of white-tailed deer and brush-tailed possums. Alternatively, the plant’s vessels are a target for the xylem-feeding spittlebug Carystoterpa fingens, to which C. lucida is one of many host plants. Deer have been observed gnawing on the bark of the shrub as well. Finally, birds consume the fruit of C. lucida since birds are the primary dispersal agent of the seeds.

C. lucida had multiple uses for the indigenous people of New Zealand. The bark of C. lucida trees forms an anthraquinone molecule called lucidin that can be used as a dye pigment. The size of C. lucida fruit was used by the indigenous Māori to assess forest health from year to year.

The Goya Award for Best Animated Film (Spanish: Premio Goya a la mejor película animada) is one of the Goya Awards, Spain's principal national film awards. The category was first presented at the fourth edition of the Goya Awards with the film Town Musicians of Bremen being the first winner of the award. The category was not presented from 1990 to 1993 and 1995 to 1996.

The films Chico and Rita (2010), Klaus (2019), and Robot Dreams (2023) were also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with Klaus winning the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film. At the Annie Awards, Chico and Rita (2010) and Klaus (2019) were nominated for Best Animated Feature with the latter winning the category while Buñuel in the Labyrinth of the Turtles (2019) was nominated for Best Animated Feature – Independent. At the European Film Awards, Planet 51 (2009), Wrinkles (2011), Birdboy: The Forgotten Children (2016) and Klaus (2019) have received nominations for Best Animated Feature Film, while Chico and Rita (2010), Another Day of Life (2018), Buñuel in the Labyrinth of the Turtles (2019) and Robot Dreams (2023) won the award.
In the list below the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.

César Award for Best Animated Film
Academy Award for Best Animated Feature
BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film
European Film Award for Best Animated Film

Official site
IMDb: Goya Awards

USS Embattle is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

USS Embattle (AM-226), a fleet minesweeper commissioned 25 April 1945.
USS Embattle (AM-434), a fleet minesweeper commissioned 16 November 1954.

José Carlos Castillo (born 18 February 1992) is a Guatemalan football forward who plays for Chiapas in the Liga MX.

Castillo started his football career in the Athletics team of the Centro Escolar El Roble. He joined than in the 2009 season to Juventud Saleciana and earned his first senior caps.Nicknamed "Harry Potter", Castillo played collegiate soccer at Virginia Commonwealth University before joining the Chiapas under-20 side in June 2012.

Castillo has played for Guatemala at various youth levels, appearing for the Guatemala national under-17 football team at the Premundial Sub 17 2008 in Mexico. He played also with the Guatemala national under-20 football team at the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup finals in Colombia.

José Carlos Castillo – FIFA competition record (archived)

Doha (Arabic: الدوحة, ad-Dawḥa or ad-Dōḥa, [addawħa]) is one of the eight municipalities of Qatar. It is the most populous municipality with a population of 1,186,023 in 2020, and is the municipality of  Qatar's capital city, Doha.

According to the Ministry of Municipality and Environment, the name "Doha" originated from the Arabic term "dohat", which means "roundness". This name is derived from the rounded bays surrounding the area's coastline.

According to the Ministry of Municipality and Urban Planning, the Municipality of Qatar became the first municipality to be established in 1963. Later that year, the name was changed to the Municipality of Ad Dawhah. The country has been divided into eight municipalities since 2014. Doha is the most populated municipality among them with a population of 956,457 as of 2015.The exclave of Doha Industrial Area and the island of Halul, 80 km (50 miles) away from Doha, fall within municipal boundaries.Municipal headquarters were shifted from the Al Sadd area to Ras Abu Aboud in 2017.

As part of the Qatar National Master Plan, twenty-eight centers have been designated throughout Qatar to promote sustained urban development and to better implement public transport. Centers serve as hubs for surrounding districts. The centers range from Capital City Center to District Center, with the former being the highest-level designation and vice versa.

Doha municipality is in the central east region of Qatar; it is bordered by Al Wakrah municipality to the south, Al Rayyan municipality to the west, Al Daayen municipality to the north and Umm Salal municipality to the northwest.Comprising the majority of Qatar's residential, financial and administrative centers, the Doha Metropolitan area hosts over 80% of the country's inhabitants. The core of Doha, which is the easternmost area of the municipality, is the administrative and financial hub of the country and the municipality, with districts such as Al Dafna and West Bay being located here. Moreover, this area also accommodates critical infrastructure such as Hamad Medical City and Hamad International Airport.
Other areas of importance include the Industrial Area, an exclave in Al Rayyan municipality, as well as the Wholesale Market Area, which encompasses the western portion of the municipality and which unofficially includes areas of Al Rayyan.In the northern region of Doha, developments such as the Katara Cultural Village and The Pearl Island, which is projected to house as many as 45,000 residents, can be found. The northern part of the West Bay financial district is also located here. Towards the center of the municipality is the Amiri Diwan, Souq Waqif, the Doha Corniche and the historic quarters.
Most of the low-to-medium density housing projects are found in the western sector, near the Wholesale Market Area. Residential areas in western Doha include Al Sadd, Abu Hamour and Al Gharafa, of which the latter two are geographically located in Al Rayyan but which constitute a part of Metropolitan Doha.According to the Ministry of Municipality and Environment, the municipality accommodates five rawdas, one wadi, three plains, seven hills, two sabkhas, four capes, and two bays. Four islands are found off its shores, not including The Pearl Island.

As the most populous municipality, Doha contains the highest density of schools in the country. Most of the municipality's schools are near the core of Doha, i.e. the central eastern portion. There is a reported shortage of schools in the Al Sadd district, as well as the northernmost and southernmost sectors.

A major healthcare project known as Hamad Medical City was launched in 2003 near the Rumeilah district. Three hospitals and a research center were planned to be hosted within this 227,000 square meter (56 acre) complex at a cost of over QR 2.1 billion. In December 2017, Hamad Medical City was officially opened in a ceremony attended by the Emir of Qatar, Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani.

The Doha Metro connects the core of Doha with its metropolitan hubs. At the center of the Doha Metro system is Msheireb Station, where there are three alignments, with an additional line being constructed, and a bus rapid transit system to which to connect.

John Kelly (born July 25, 1960, in Ottawa, Ontario) is a hockey play-by-play announcer for the St. Louis Blues. He is the son of the late Dan Kelly. Kelly joined his father in the broadcast booth, for a Blues game against the Philadelphia Flyers on November 17, 1988, in which his Blues team defeated the Flyers for the first time in Philadelphia since January 6, 1972 before his dad died on February 10, 1989. He joined the Blues' broadcast team for the 1989–90 NHL season and remained on the job until summer 1992, when he joined the then-fledgling Tampa Bay Lightning.Three years later, he joined the Colorado Avalanche, who were moving from Quebec City, where they had spent 23 seasons as the Nordiques. He documented two Stanley Cup Championships in Denver, in 1995–96 and again in 2000–01. He became well known in Denver for his proclamation, "Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!!" after a big score by the Avs and, "SAVE BY ROY!" after a good save from former Avalanche goaltender Patrick Roy. He left the Avalanche after the 2003–04 season to rejoin the Blues on their telecasts after the 2004–05 NHL lockout and finally called the 2019 Stanley Cup Finals on local radio in the second period of every game.On January 13, 2000, he was confronted by Pittsburgh Penguins coach Herb Brooks for suggesting that Matthew Barnaby faked an injury after being hit by Alexei Gusarov with 27 seconds left. He was suspended two games for that confrontation on January 18, having been suspended indefinitely since January 15. Gusarov was suspended two games for the hit the day before.His younger brother Dan P. Kelly was the Blues' radio announcer from 1997 to 2000, before spending the next four seasons with the Columbus Blue Jackets.In addition to the Blues, he also worked the 2006 NHL playoffs on Outdoor Life Network (now NBCSN). During the mid-1990s, he worked on select regional telecasts for the NHL on Fox. In the 2008 Stanley Cup playoffs, he substituted for Mike Haynes, the broadcaster who took over his play-by-play role for the Avalanche, on Altitude Sports and Entertainment, due to Haynes' health problems before he returned next season.Kelly, whose minor league hockey assignments included the St. Catharines Saints and three years with the Adirondack Red Wings, obtained his realtor license during the 2004–05 NHL lockout. He also subbed for Marv Albert on Rangers broadcasts during the late 1980s.

Nicola Cassio (born 9 July 1985 in Trieste) is an Italian freestyle swimmer.
Cassio won several medals mainly as a member of the Italian 4 x 200 m freestyle relay. He participated for Italy in the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Nicola Cassio". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2020-04-18.
Nicola Cassio on Italian Swimming Federation's website  (in Italian)

James Pound (1669–1724) was an English clergyman and astronomer.

He was the son of John Pound, of Bishops Cannings, Wiltshire, where he was born. He matriculated at St. Mary Hall, Oxford, on 16 March 1687; graduated B.A. from Hart Hall on 27 February 1694, and M.A. from Gloucester Hall in the same year; and obtained a medical diploma, with a degree of M.B., on 21 October 1697.
Having taken orders, he entered the service of the East India Company, and went out to Madras in 1699 as chaplain to the merchants of Fort St. George. Whence he proceeded to the British settlement on Pulo Condore (now Côn Sơn Island) near the mouth of the Mekong River. On the morning of 3 March 1705 the company's local troops at Pulo Condore mutinied, and only eleven of the English residents escaped in the sloop Rose to Malacca, and ultimately reached Batavia. Pound was among the refugees, but his collections and papers were destroyed.
A year after his return to England, in July 1707, Pound was presented by Sir Richard Child to the rectory of Wanstead in Essex; and the influence of Lord Chancellor Parker secured for him, in January 1720, on John Flamsteed's death, the living of Burstow in Surrey. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society on 30 November 1699, but his admittance was deferred until 30 July 1713. Edmund Halley communicated to the Royal Society his phase-determinations of the total solar eclipse of 3 May 1715. Using a fifteen-foot telescope, Pound observed an occultation of a star by Jupiter on 30 July 1715, an eclipse of the moon on 30 October that same year, and continued to make various planetary observations in 1716 and 1717.
Huygens's 123-foot focal length object-glass, lent to Pound in 1717 by the Royal Society, was mounted by him on the grounds of Wanstead House on the maypole just removed from the Strand and procured for the purpose by Sir Isaac Newton. The inconveniences of this instrument were commented upon by Joseph Crosthwait. Pound's observations with it of the five known satellites of Saturn enabled Halley to correct their movements. In the third edition of the Principia, Newton employed his micrometrical measures of Jupiter's disc, of Saturn's disc and ring, and of the elongations of their satellites; and obtained from him data for correcting the places of the comet of 1680. Laplace also used Pound's observations of Jupiter's satellites to determine the planet's mass, and Pound himself compiled in 1719 a set of tables for the first satellite, into which he introduced an equation for the transmission of light.
Pound trained his sister's son, James Bradley, and many of their observations were made together, including the opposition of Mars in 1719, and the transit of Mercury on 29 October 1723. Their measurement of γ Virginis in 1718 was the first made of the components of a double star and was directed towards the determination of stellar parallax.
Pound was a frequent visitor to Samuel Molyneux at Kew. In July 1723, he was commissioned by the Royal Society to test John Hadley's reflecting telescope and reported favorably on its performance. He died at Wanstead on 16 November 1724, aged 55.

He married, first, on 14 February 1710, Sarah, widow of Edward Farmer, who died in June 1715; and secondly, in October 1722, Elizabeth, sister of Matthew Wymondesold, a successful speculator in South Sea stock, and proprietor of the Wanstead estate. She had a fortune of £10,000. After her husband's death, she resided with Bradley at Oxford, 1732–7, died on 10 September 1740, and was buried at Wanstead. By his first wife Pound left a daughter Sarah, born on 16 September 1713; she died at Greenwich, unmarried, on 19 October 1747.

 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: "Pound, James". Dictionary of National Biography. London: Smith, Elder & Co. 1885–1900.

Roam is the public transit system for the towns of Canmore, Banff (located inside Banff National Park), and Lake Louise (located inside Banff National Park) and  in the Bow Valley of Alberta's Rockies in Canada. The system is managed by the Bow Valley Regional Transit Services Commission (BVRTSC). In 2023, the system had a ridership of 1,556,300, or about 3,100 per weekday as of the fourth quarter of 2023.

Roam was formerly known as Banff Public Transit and the town has had some form of public transportation since 1994, contracted to a variety of private operators.
The system was re-branded as Roam in June 2008. At the same time a new fleet of four hybrid buses was acquired and operation of the service was turned over a new private contractor, Brewster Inc., a local tour bus company.
On April 21, 2011, the Bow Valley Regional Transit Services Commission (BVRTSC) was formed by the town of Banff, the town of Canmore and Improvement District No. 9. This new government agency was authorised to provide or coordinate local and regional transit services in the Bow Valley. Although not a voting member, Parks Canada actively participates in commission meetings.In the fall of 2012 the BVRTSC took over responsibility for the transit service. On December 3, 2012, regional transit service between Banff and Canmore began.

There are currently six routes, four that operate year-round and two that operates seasonally (May to September). Service is provided using hybrid Nova buses, each decorated with scenes from the National Park, featuring either a grizzly bear, elk, mountain goat, moose, buffalo, fish, fox, lynx, or wolf.

 Media related to Roam public transit at Wikimedia Commons

Official website
Bow Valley Regional Transit Services Commission – Five-Year Business Plan

Seo Hyun-jin (Korean: 서현진; born February 27, 1985) is a South Korean actress and singer. Seo debuted as the vocalist of South Korean girl group M.I.L.K. in 2001 and continued until the group disbanded in 2003. She contributed songs as a solo artist after the group disbandment before she transitioned into acting in 2006.
Seo made her acting debut in the musical The Sound of Music (2006) then followed by appearances in several television series and film. She is best known for her leading role as Oh Hae-young in the romantic comedy TV series Another Miss Oh (2016), which gained her wider recognition. Seo has since gone on to have main cast billing in medical melodrama  Dr. Romantic (2016–2017), romance dramas Temperature of Love (2017), The Beauty Inside (2018), and You Are My Spring (2021), and legal drama Why Her (2022).

Seo was born on February 27, 1985, in Dobong District (now Nowon District), Seoul, South Korea. She was scouted by S.M. Entertainment and later debuted as a vocalist of South Korean girl group, M.I.L.K in 2001, under the label's subsidiary BM Entertainment. However, the group soon fell by the wayside due to fierce competition among manufactured bands, which led to one of the members quitting before they completely disbanded in 2003. After M.I.L.K. was dissolved, Seo attended Dongduk Women's University, where she majored in applied musicology to keep her dream of a singing career alive. Seo contributed songs to a few soundtracks and SM Town compilations as a solo artist.

Seo had the chance to perform in her first musical, The Sound of Music in 2006, which she saw as the turning point in her acting career.Supporting roles followed in the period drama Hwang Jini (2006), TV police procedural H.I.T (2007), and the queer film Ashamed (2011). Seo first drew attention for her subtler performance in The Duo (2011), as a neighborhood tomboy who later becomes a gisaeng. She played her first villain in Feast of the Gods (2012), as an overly ambitious chef caught in a rivalry. Seo was then cast in leading roles for two historical dramas The King's Daughter, Soo Baek-hyang (2013) and The Three Musketeers (2014).Seo has also frequently appeared in projects directed by her best friend, actress Ku Hye-sun, notably in the short film The Madonna and in the feature film Magic, in which she had her first leading role.

Seo said the character that most resembled her real-life personality was the foodie freelance writer in Let's Eat 2 (2015), adding that she "didn't realize how much fun shooting a lively and comical drama could be." The drama was Seo's first attempt at romantic-comedy genre, in which she got good reviews and it became her career's turning point.
Her popularity grew rapidly after the hit romance comedy drama Another Miss Oh (2016), which she starred alongside Eric Mun. She was praised for her portrayal of such an ordinary and relatable character, and won the Baeksang Arts Award for Best Actress. Later in the same year, she starred in SBS hit medical drama Dr. Romantic alongside Han Suk-kyu and Yoo Yeon-seok. In 2017, Seo starred in the romance television series Temperature of Love penned by Ha Myung-hee.In 2018, Seo was cast in the fantasy melodrama The Beauty Inside which is based on the 2015 romantic comedy film of the same name. She played an actress who spends a week out of each month living in someone else's body. She then starred in the high school television series Black Dog: Being A Teacher in 2019 and tvN drama series You Are My Spring in 2021.In 2022, Seo starred in the SBS legal drama Why Her in the titular role of Oh Soo-jae, a lawyer-turned-professor and in the film Cassiopeia as a daughter  who is diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease and slowly turning into a young child due to loss of memory.

In 2019, Seo was recognised as an exemplary tax payer by the National Tax Service of South Korea and was named as an honorary ambassador together with Lee Je-hoon.

Seo Hyun-jin on Management Soop

Florence Small Gaynor (October 29, 1920 – September 16, 1993) was a nurse and hospital administrator, who was the first black woman to head a major teaching hospital in the United States.

Born in Jersey City, New Jersey, she graduated Lincoln High School at the age of 15 and applied to Jersey City Medical Center to study nursing, but was rejected as they did not admit Blacks, instead studying nursing at Lincoln Hospital, graduating in 1946. Later in her career, Gaynor received her Bachelor of Science in Nursing and her Master of Science in public health at New York University, and studied the Scandinavian health system at the University of Oslo in 1965.

After graduating as a nurse from Lincoln Hospital, Gaynor began working at Queens General Hospital. She then worked for the New York City's Health Department and then as head nurse at Francis Delafield Hospital in Washington Heights and as a school nurse with the Board of Education in Newark.Gaynor began working in hospital administration at Lincoln Hospital and became assistant administrator in 1970. In 1971 she was selected from a field of 20 candidates, the rest of them men, to become the executive director of Sydenham Hospital, making her the first black woman to head a major teaching hospital in the United States. In 1972 she accepted a position as executive director of Martland Hospital in Newark, a 600-bed teaching hospital, and then became a director at Meharry Medical College in Nashville from 1976 to 1980, followed by a director position at the West Philadelphia Community Mental Health Consortium in Philadelphia from 1980 to 1984. For her final two years before retiring, she worked as a school nurse, in Los Angeles.On September 16, 1993, Gaynor died of a sudden brain hemorrhage at the age of 72.

Domiechowice [dɔmʲɛxɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.

Henry Johnson Eyring (born September 19, 1963) is an American academic administrator who served as the 17th president of Brigham Young University–Idaho (BYU–Idaho) from 2017 to 2023. From 2019 to 2023, he also served as an area seventy in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He previously served as both the academic and the advancement vice president at BYU-Idaho, as well as director of the Marriott School of Business (MSB) MBA program at Brigham Young University (BYU).

Eyring was born in Palo Alto, California, a son of Henry B. Eyring and Kathleen (née Johnson). Eyring's family lived in the San Francisco Bay Area while his father taught at the Stanford Graduate School of Business until 1971, after which they moved to Rexburg, Idaho, where his father was appointed president of Ricks College (present-day BYU–Idaho). From 1982 to 1984, Eyring served as a full-time missionary for the LDS Church in the Japan Nagoya Mission. Eyring is a graduate of BYU, where he received a Bachelor of Science degree in geology, an M.B.A., and Juris Doctor.

From 1989 to 1998, Eyring was with a Cambridge, Massachusetts management-consulting firm, Monitor Group, which was founded in 1983 by six entrepreneurs with Harvard Business School (HBS) ties. He has also served as a director of SkyWest Airlines since 1995. From 2002 to 2003, he was a special partner with Peterson Capital.

From 1998 to 2002, Eyring served in the MSB as director of BYU's MBA program.Eyring began employment at BYU-Idaho in 2006. Eyring initially served as an Associate Academic Vice President, with responsibility for online learning and instructional technology. From 2008 to 2015, Eyring served as BYU–Idaho's Advancement Vice President and then served from 2015 to 2017 as the Academic Vice President (AVP).On February 7, 2017, Dallin H. Oaks of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles announced that Eyring would succeed Clark Gilbert as president of BYU–Idaho, effective April 10, 2017. His official inauguration occurred on September 19, 2017. Eyring completed his service as president of BYU-Idaho on August 1, 2023.   
In 2011, while serving as BYU–Idaho's AVP, Eyring co-authored The Innovative University: Changing the DNA of Higher Education with HBS professor Clayton M. Christensen, discussing the future of higher education and making college economically viable while conducting an in depth look at the histories of Harvard University and BYU-Idaho. Eyring has also served as a trustee of Southern Utah University and is an adjunct fellow at the Clayton Christensen Institute for Disruptive Innovation.

Eyring and his wife, Kelly, have five children and reside in Rexburg, Idaho. Eyring's oldest son, Henry, is a BYU-Idaho and HBS graduate and, since August 2022, an assistant accounting professor at Duke University's Fuqua School of Business.Eyring is a grandson of American theoretical chemist Henry Eyring and wrote a biography of his grandfather entitled Mormon Scientist: The Life and Faith of Henry Eyring. He also co-wrote a biography about his father, Henry B. Eyring, an educational administrator and LDS Church leader, entitled I Will Lead You Along: The Life of Henry B. Eyring.
Eyring's great-great-grandmother was a member of the Romney family.In addition to his work in academia, Eyring has served in various leadership positions within the LDS Church, including as president of the Japan Tokyo North Mission, bishop, stake president, and as an area seventy (2019 to 2023).

Books authored or coauthored by EyringEyring, Henry J.; Eaton, Robert I. (2013). I Will Lead You Along: The Life of Henry B. Eyring. Deseret Book. ISBN 978-1-60907-783-9. OCLC 1609077830.
——; Christensen, Clayton M. (2011). The Innovative University: Changing the DNA of Higher Education. Jossey-Bass. ISBN 978-1-11806-348-4. OCLC 1118063481.
—— (2010). Major Decisions: Taking Charge of Your College Education. Deseret Book. ISBN 978-1-60641-636-5. OCLC 1606416367.
—— (2008). Mormon Scientist: The Life and Faith of Henry Eyring. Deseret Book. ISBN 978-1-59038-854-9. OCLC 1590388542.

List of presidents of Brigham Young University–Idaho
List of J. Reuben Clark Law School alumni
Brigham Young University-Idaho

Office of the Auditor General for the Federation (OAuGF) is a constitutional body and the Supreme Audit Institution of Nigeria.It derives its mandate from the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, as amended (Sections 85 and 86).
The Auditor-General is empowered to undertake audits of all income and expenditure of the Federal Government of Nigeria. However, the Constitution prohibits the Auditor-General from auditing the accounts of “government statutory corporations, commissions, authorities, agencies, including all persons and bodies established by an Act of the National Assembly.” As a result, the Office of the Auditor-General for the Federation cannot audit the financial statements of parastatal organizations, although it can undertake periodic checks in such state-owned entities. The meaning of periodic checks in the context of the Constitution has not been properly defined since no accounting /auditing book has ever defined what a periodic check represents.
The mandate of the Office of the Auditor-General for the Federation is also restricted to the audit of Federal bodies. Each of the 36 states of Nigeria has two Auditors-General, one for the audit of state institutions and the other for the audit of local governments within the state. In total, there are 73 Auditors-General in Nigeria, more than the whole of the rest of Africa put together. However, nothing in the present legislation precludes the Auditor General for the Federation from tracing Federal public monies to any state of the Federation.

According to mandatory written and oral interviews set out for the position by the Nigerian Civil Service, the Auditor General for the Federation is appointed by the President. The current Auditor General, Adolphus Aghughu, was appointed as acting Auditor General on 26 October 2020 before being appointed on a permanent basis on 26 January 2021. He was confirmed by the Senate on 17 February 2021.

In September 2021, the House of Representatives Committee on Public Accounts directed the OAuGF to turn in all relevant documents on the expenses it incurred from 2019 to 2021. This directive came after the committee found that the office had spent billions of naira in "reckless" expenses despite nationwide budget issues during the COVID-19 pandemic. Some of the questionable expenses include ₦3.9 million spent on drugs & medical supplies and ₦7.721 million spent on medical consulting despite ₦55.933 million being spent on the National Health Insurance Scheme along with over ₦500 million spent on transport despite the COVID-19 pandemic preventing most travel. A member of the committee, Ogunlola Olubunmi, asked Auditor General Adolphus Aghughu 'who audits the OAuGF', with Aghughu responding that it was the National Assembly that would found such an office along with disputing that the spending was "reckless."

Dihammaphora chontalensis' is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1872.

Christopher Gunning (5 August 1944 – 25 March 2023) was an English composer of concert works and music for films and television.

Gunning was born in Cheltenham on 5 August 1944, the younger of two sons. He grew up in Hendon. His father was a pianist and educator from South Africa, and his mother had been one of his father's pupils. He studied at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama where his tutors included Edmund Rubbra and Richard Rodney Bennett.

Gunning's film and television compositions received many awards, including the 2007 BAFTA Award for Best Film Music for La Vie en Rose, as well as three additional awards for Agatha Christie's Poirot, Middlemarch, and Porterhouse Blue. He also won three Ivor Novello Awards, for the TV miniseries Rebecca, and the film scores for Under Suspicion (1991), and Firelight (1997). His other film scores included Goodbye Gemini (1970), Hands of the Ripper (1971), Ooh... You Are Awful (1972), the film version of Man About the House (1974), In Celebration (1975), Rogue Male (1976), Charlie Muffin (1979), Rise and Fall of Idi Amin (1981), Knights of God (1987), When the Whales Came (1989), Lighthouse Hill (2004) and Grace of Monaco (2014).
In the 1970s and 1980s, Gunning collaborated with rock musician Colin Blunstone and was responsible for the distinctive string arrangement on Blunstone's 1972 hit "Say You Don't Mind". He also provided the string arrangements on "Won't Somebody Dance With Me", the Ivor Novello award-winning song written and performed by Lynsey De Paul as well as another of de Paul's hit singles "My Man and Me" and her 1974 album "Taste Me... Don't Waste Me".Gunning composed the music for nearly all of the Poirot TV films starring David Suchet, and worked on all three series of Rosemary and Thyme featuring Felicity Kendal and Pam Ferris. His New Yorkshire Theme was used as daily start-up music for Yorkshire Television from 1982 and an extract from that piece formed the theme to YTV's local news programme Calendar. His music for the Martini advertising campaign, heard around the world for thirty years, won three Clio Awards. The music he composed for Black Magic commercials, in 1971 and used for a further 15 years, became equally famous. And (indicating Gunning's sense of humour and self-deprecation), his music for a Winalot Prime dog food commercial in 1988 was later expanded into The Long March and recorded and released as a charity record by the Barking Light Orchestra.

In addition to performances of his television and film scores, Gunning's Concerto for Saxophone and Orchestra and The Lobster have been performed at various venues including London's Southbank Centre. The Saxophone Concerto, played by John Harle with the Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, has been released by Sanctuary Classics, The Lobster is available on the Meridian label, and the Piano Concerto, Symphony No. 1 and Storm have been released by Albany Records. Later works include concertos for the oboe and clarinet and the CD Skylines. The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra performed the premiere of Symphonies No.3 and No.4, coupled with Concerto for Oboe and String Orchestra.  This has been released by Chandos Records.Gunning completed thirteen symphonies between 2001 and 2020, several of which have been recorded by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by the composer and released on Signum Classics.  A commemorative concert is to be held at Cadogan Hall in London on 10 March 2024, with a live performance of his Symphony No 10 (2016) by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, as well as contributions from guitarist John Williams, saxophonist John Harle and singer songwriter Colin Blunstone.

In recognition of Gunning's contribution to music, he received a BASCA Gold Badge Award on 19 October 2011. 
As well as his many film awards listed above, Gunning's scores for The Big Battalions, Wild Africa, Cold Lazarus and When the Whales Came also received nominations for BAFTA and Ivor Novello Awards.

In 1974, Gunning married Annie Farrow; they had four daughters and divorced in 1999. He remarried in 2004, to Svitlana Saienko. He died from kidney cancer at his home in Croxley Green, Hertfordshire on 25 March 2023, at the age of 78.

Christopher Gunning at IMDb
Chandos Records
Christopher Gunning discography at Discogs

The seventh and final season of Homicide: Life on the Street aired in the United States on the NBC television network from September 25, 1998 to May 21, 1999 and contained 22 episodes. 
The seventh season marked the debut of characters FBI Agent Mike Giardello (Giancarlo Esposito) and Detective Rene Sheppard (Michael Michele).  Recurring character Detective Terri Stivers (Toni Lewis) became a regular cast member as of season 7, while Chief Medical Examiner George Griscom (Austin Pendleton) becomes a recurring character following the season 6 departure of C.M.E.  Julianna Cox.
The DVD box set of season 7 was released for Region 1 on June 28, 2005. The set includes all 22 season 7 episodes on six discs.During the sixth season, NBC considered canceling the show in the face of consistently low ratings, but a number of shocks at NBC increased Homicide's value. Among those factors were the loss of the popular series Seinfeld and the $850 million deal needed to keep ER from leaving the network. As a result, the network approved a 22-episode seventh season.

When first shown on network television, multiple episodes towards the end of season were aired out of order. The DVD present the episodes in the correct chronological order, restoring all storylines and character developments. 

"Awards for "Homicide: Life on the Street"". IMDb. Retrieved September 21, 2007.
"Episode list for "Homicide: Life on the Street"". IMDb. Retrieved September 21, 2007.
"Homicide: Life on the Street Episode Guide". TV.com. Archived from the original on December 9, 2012. Retrieved September 21, 2007.

The International Bolshevik Tendency is a Trotskyist International organisation.

The International Bolshevik Tendency was originally known as the External Tendency (ET) and was formed in 1982 by former members of the International Spartacist Tendency (iSt) (now known as the International Communist League (Fourth Internationalist)).While identifying the International Spartacists Tendency, from the 1960s until the late 1970s, as the only grouping with a consistency revolutionary programme, members of the External Tendency alleged a 'process of political degeneration' in the late 70s and early 80s. A claim disputed by the International Spartacist Tendency (iSt) and subsequently, the International Communist League (ICL).While the External Tendency had engaged in polemical exchanges with leaders of the iSt by 1985 the External Tendency characterised the Spartacist League's break from its revolutionary past as "qualitatively complete".In 1991 the American-based Bolshevik Tendency fused with the Permanent Revolution Group (PRG) of New Zealand at a joint conference in Oakland, California. This unified tendency then joined forces in August with members of the former Gruppe IV. Internationale based in West Berlin. These mergers resulted in the organisation renaming itself the International Bolshevik Tendency.In October 2018 a number of members of the International Bolshevik Tendency left the organisation. Those leaving formed a separate organisations called the Bolshevik Tendency and Bolshevik Group (South Korea), identifying political alignment with the organisation before its fusion with the Permanent Revolution Group (PRG). The departing members cited disagreements regarding Russia and Imperialism, chiefly whether Russia could be considered Imperialist, with the departing members viewing Russia as non-Imperialist in character. It argued that this disagreement and others regarding the character of Islamist regimes in Egypt, Turkey and Iran signified a growing divergence in political analysis between itself and the International Bolshevik Tendency.
 The International Bolshevik Tendency stated that it does not consider these differences sufficient grounds for a separate organisation, and has called on former members to rejoin.

The group began publishing its journal '1917' as the Bolshevik Tendency, in the winter of 1986. The journal name taking inspiration from 'year one of the proletarian revolution'.The British section of the International Bolshevik Tendency began publishing the 'Marxist Bulletin' in 1997, while operating as a faction within the Socialist Labour Party (UK). It published the last issue in May 2000.

International Bolshevik Tendency
Bolshevik Tendency
1917 and Trotskyist Bulletin

Sethwa is a village situated near the town of Jalalpur, in the Ambedkar Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh, India. The name Sethwa originates from the amalgamation of Seth and Wa. The word seth in Hindi Language means A Wealthy Person and wa means To Live, so in effect it means a place where wealthy people live and it lives by this name.
It is a multi-faceted village with different types of people. Most of them are involved in agriculture. Some of the boys have gone to nearby cities and some other ones to the metros in the country as well. The houses are well built, it is not a village that lags in anything from at least the towns if not cities. People do have all the essential commodities. They dress well, are in know of the new developments. Every household has at least a motor-cycle if not a car. Almost all adults have their separate mobile phones. Kids are well groomed and know almost everything happening around the world. They revere cricket stars like Sachin & Dhoni. It is a village but it has all the facilities that you can ask for from a small town—except for the electricity which is a problem in entire U.P. not only here.
Among the most prominent personalities of this village is Shri Satya Narayan Dwivedi "Shreesh" (1920–2012). He was a prolific poet in Hindi, Awadhi and Brajbhasha. The U.P Government awarded him Sahitya Bhushan in the year 2000. His son Dr. Prakash Dwivedi is also a well-known Hindi poet. He got the Naamit Puraskaar in year 1992. One of the best educationists of this area, Shri Radhe Mohan Dwivedi was also from this village. He established no less than six schools and colleges. Among them, the best known is BBDIC, Paruiya Ashram & BBDPG College.

The ombudsman of the Philippines (Filipino: Tanodbayan ng Pilipinas) is an ombudsman responsible for investigating and prosecuting Philippine government officials accused of crimes, especially graft and corruption.

Under the 1987 Philippine Constitution and the Ombudsman Act of 1989, the Office of the Ombudsman independently monitors all three branches of the government for political corruption. The Ombudsman "is principally tasked to investigate on its own or upon complaint by any person, in any form or manner, any act or omission of any public officer or employee, including those in government-owned or controlled corporations, which appears to be illegal, unjust, improper or inefficient." After an investigation, the Ombudsman files charges at the Sandiganbayan, a special anti-graft court.
The Offices of the Ombudsman includes the Ombudsman's own office, along with offices for a team composed of a Sheriff, the Ombudsman's second in command, and six other deputies who lead their respective divisions or bureaus.

The Office of the Ombudsman predates the 1987 Constitution. There have been several offices established under various presidents of the Philippines whose duties are now subsumed under the Office of the Ombudsman. President Elpidio Quirino established the Integrity Board in 1950; President Ramon Magsaysay, the Presidential Complaints and Action Commission in 1957; President Carlos P. Garcia, the Presidential Committee on Administration Performance Efficiency in 1958; President Diosdado Macapagal, the Presidential Anti-Graft Committee in 1962; and finally President Ferdinand Marcos, the Presidential Agency on Reform and Government Operations in 1966.In 1969, the Office of the Citizens Counselor was created by the Republic Act No. 6028. It was primarily designed to conduct fact-finding investigations and make recommendations to Congress and the President. The office was "not at all implemented." Subsequently, Marcos created the Complaints and Investigation Office in 1970 and the Presidential Administrative Assistance Committee in 1971. None of these were successful nor were independent.In the martial law-era 1973 Philippine Constitution (Sections 5 and 6, Article XIII), provided for the establishment of a special court called the Sandiganbayan and an office of the ombudsman called the Tanodbayan. On June 11, 1978, during martial law, the late President Ferdinand Marcos created by presidential decree the office of the Tanodbayan. The Tanodbayan was not independent but served at the pleasure of the president and could be removed at any time.After Marcos was overthrown in the 1986 People Power Revolution, President Corazon Aquino issued two Executive Orders (nos. 243 and 244) in July 1987 that dictated a new Office of the Ombudsman and transformed the Tanodbayan into the Office of the Special Prosecutor under the Ombudsman. Following the passage of the 1987 Constitution, the Ombudsman Act of 1989 was passed to define the roles and structure of the Office.

The Ombudsman and its subordinates are appointed by the President of the Philippines from a list submitted by the Judicial and Bar Council for a nonrenewable seven-year term. The Ombudsman can be removed from office only through impeachment.

Political history of the Philippines
Vice President of the Philippines
Supreme Court of the Philippines
President of the Philippines
House of Representatives of the Philippines
Senate of the Philippines
Constitution of the Philippines
Congress of the Philippines
Executive Departments of the Philippines

Office of the Ombudsman Official Website

Briar Rose is a young adult novel written by American author Jane Yolen, published in 1992. Incorporating elements of Sleeping Beauty, it was published as part of the Fairy Tale Series of novels compiled by Terri Windling. The novel won the annual Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature in 1993. It was also nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel.

The book is divided into two parts, the "home", and the "castle". The ending is part of the "home" section, returning after the castle.
The story is based around the German fairy tale of Briar Rose (Sleeping Beauty) which is told by "Gemma", an elderly woman, to her three granddaughters. She tells this to the children almost all the time and it is the only bedtime story she ever tells. The times when "Gemma" tells the story are flashbacks and alternate between the present-day story.

In the present day, Gemma's Jewish family is living somewhere outside a city in Massachusetts. After her grandmother's death, Rebecca Berlin, the youngest of her three granddaughters (referred to as Becca in the novel) begins to believe that there is some meaning behind the bedtime story that her grandmother told to them hundreds of times. She consults Stan, a good friend and journalist who works for an "alternative" newspaper and uncovers historical facts.
She discovers that her grandmother was actually a survivor of the Holocaust who was persecuted for her Jewish origins, and sent to Chełmno extermination camp to be executed. She decides to visit Chełmno and discovers a link with a man by the name of Josef Potocki in Poland. Becca sets off for Poland to find the identity and the life of her grandmother.

In Poland, Josef tells his life story and his meeting with Gemma. In the book, his story is told in the "castle" section. He was a target of the Holocaust due to his homosexuality, and became a fugitive, during which time he met many different people, mainly partisans, mainly in Germany. He had heard stories of torture and extermination camps and joined an underground group set out to rescue victims. This leads him to Chełmno (called Kulmhof by the Germans), where he witnesses the gassing to death of numerous people. The people are brought to the camp and then packed into trucks. The trucks drive away, with their exhaust funnelled into the passenger hold. By the time the trucks arrive at their destination, a mass grave, all of the people it was carrying have been gassed to death by the truck exhaust. The people are then dumped into the grave. When the bodies are dumped one of the partisans, named The Avenger notices that a woman with red hair (Gemma) is still alive and faintly breathing. Josef revives her through mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, which the woman, (who is later called KSIĘŻNICZKA, which means 'princess' in Polish) refers to in her fairy tale as "the kiss of life". In reality, during this period of time, 320,000 were killed in Chelmno via the method of gassing them in trucks.
Later, she hid in the forest with Polish partisans, fighting the Nazis, and married The Avenger, whom Josef was also in love with. She became pregnant by him shortly after their marriage. Then he, along with almost all of the other partisans, was killed by the Nazis. She escaped and was brought safely to the United States. She never told a soul about these experiences, rather dealing with the trauma by refashioning them in her mind into the form of a familiar fairytale about an evil witch, a princess rendered unconscious who is then revived by a handsome prince, and a happy ending.

The final part of the book is simply a conclusion where Becca returns to the U.S. to tell Stan and her family about what she discovered. At the airport, Stan is there to pick her up. He kisses her, and says "We'll get to our happily ever after eventually".

The story was written to juxtapose the present-day story with the fairy tale that Gemma tells them. In the book, every odd chapter (except for within the Castle) is a flashback to Becca's childhood in which Gemma tells her story to her grandchildren. Gemma is a victim of the holocaust.

At the Chełmno extermination camp, approximately 340,000 people, mainly Jewish prisoners, were killed. The extermination of the Łódź Ghetto took place in Chełmno.

Briar Rose has received a very warm response from most critics, especially for its unusual organization. The book is not told in a direct beginning-to-end style, and the story is not told directly to the reader but rather through the fairy tale. Critics praised it for this type of storytelling technique.Publishers Weekly considered Briar Rose one of the "most ambitious efforts" in Windling's Fairy Tale series and claimed, "Only a writer as good as Yolen [...] could bring it off". Publishers Weekly further stated, "By interpolating Gemma's vivid and imaginative story into the larger narrative, Yolen has created an engrossing novel. She handles a difficult subject with finesse in a book that should be required reading for anyone who is tempted to dismiss fantasy as a frivolous genre."Kirkus Reviews similarly stated the novel has a "provocative premise", but disagreed with Yolen's ability to "bring it off", writing, "The idea has lots of potential, but Yolen's thin novel fails to integrate the material smoothly." They explained that "the first half has little tension", and although "Gemma's wartime experiences is riveting and moving", "it's all told by a third party at the end of the book; Becca doesn't so much solve the mystery as find a narrator to tell her the story." They concluded their review, "Prolific YA and children's writer Yolen [...] had a good idea here, but didn't follow through."In a review of the audiobook, AudioFile highlighted how narrator "Linda Stephens's reading vibrates with imaginative characterizations and bold feeling. Like a sculptor with her chisel, Stephens shapes Yolen's story with her voice, flawlessly interprets mood and tone, and breathes personality into her characters." They concluded, "From old Prince Pototsky to eager, young Gemma, there is magic in the listening."Booklist also reviewed the novel.

In 1992, the Science Fiction Chronicle name Briar Rose the Best fantasy Novel of the Year. The following year, it won the Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature and was a finalist for the Nebula Award for Best Novel.Briar Rose was part of Australia's New South Wales Department of Education and Training's Higher School Certificate curriculum.

Holocaust in Poland
Nazi crimes against ethnic Poles
Sleeping Beauty

Briar Rose on Jane Yolen's website
The NSW HSC Review on Briar Rose
Rambles Review on Briar Rose
Steven Silver's Review

SS Frederick Bartholdi was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II. She was named after Frédéric Bartholdi, French sculptor who is best known for designing Liberty Enlightening the World, commonly known as the Statue of Liberty.

Frederick Bartholdi was laid down on 29 August 1943, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 1503, by J.A. Jones Construction, Brunswick, Georgia; sponsored by Mrs. O.H. Hall, and launched on 9 November 1943.

She was allocated to the West India Steamship Company, on 11 November 1943. On 24 December 1943, she ran aground off Skye, Scotland, 57°44′N 06°26′W while on passage from Jacksonville to London, with a general cargo. By the time a dive survey was undertaken, 10 weeks later, her hull had split, with the fore part of the ship being only connected to the stern by the deck plating. She was declared a constructive total loss (CTL), but as her cargo could not be safely unloaded in situ, so she was refloated using a new type of flexible rubber patches and beached in Uig Bay, on 22 June 1944, where her cargo was salvaged. She was subsequently towed to the River Clyde, and scrapped in September 1944, at Kames Bay.

The Zuellig Building is an office skyscraper located in the Makati Central Business District in Metro Manila, Philippines, and is one of buildings taller than 150 m in the area. It is owned by the Zuellig Group and developed by its real estate arm, Bridgebury Realty Corp. It rises to 160 meters (520 ft), and was the first Platinum level LEED Core and Shell building in the Philippines upon its completion in 2013.

The Zuellig Building was designed by international architectural firm Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, in cooperation with local architectural firm W.V. Coscolluela & Associates. Facade design was done by Meinhardt Hong Kong Pte. Ltd., while Structural, Mechanical & Electrical, and Fire Protection engineering & design was provided by Meinhardt Philippines.Other consultants of the project team are Davis Langdon & Seah Philippines Inc. (LEED Sustainability Consultant); E.A Aurelio Landscape Architects (Landscape Consultant); SBLD Studio (Lighting Consultant); Hill & Associates Risk Consulting (Philippines) Inc. (Security Consultant); and Sun Asia Industries (Traffic Consultant).The general contractor is Leighton Contractors (Philippines). The project construction team also includes Permasteelisa (Curtain Wall Installation); Design Coordinates, Inc.(Construction Project Management); and Davis Langdon & Seah Philippines, Inc. (Quantity Surveying).The Commissioning Authority (CxA) is Forsspac.233

In December 2012, the Zuellig Building won the “People’s Choice” Award and a Bronze award for “Best in Office and Business Development” at the MIPIM Asia Awards. It was the only contender from the Philippines in awards. 

List of tallest buildings in Metro Manila

Vanesa Furlanetto and Amandine Hesse were the defending champions, but both players chose not to come back this year. Furlanetto competed in Denain and Hesse at the Reinert Open.
Alexandra Panova and Laura Thorpe won the tournament after Irina-Camelia Begu and María Irigoyen were forced to retire in the second set, with the final score of 6–3, 4–0, ret.

Draw

Edwards is a town in St. Lawrence County, New York, United States. The population was 1,156 at the 2010 census.  The village is named after Edward McCormack, brother of the founder.Until January 1, 2013, the Town of Edwards contained a village also called Edwards.  The former village dissolved on December 31, 2012. The town is in the southwestern part of the county, south of Canton.

During the War of 1812, settlers began arriving in the town.
The town was formed in 1827 from a section of the Town of Fowler. In 1852, Edwards was increased by part of the Town of Hermon.
The local economy is based on farming and mining, but the local mining activities have been minimal since 1984.
The Edwards Town Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 51.3 square miles (133.0 km2), of which 50.7 square miles (131.4 km2)  is land and 0.6 square mile (1.6 km2)  (1.17%) is water.
The Oswegatchie River flows northwestward through the town.
New York State Route 58 is an east–west highway in the town.

As of the census of 2000, there were 1,148 people, 429 households, and 320 families residing in the town.  The population density was 22.6 people per square mile (8.7/km2).  There were 566 housing units at an average density of 11.2 per square mile (4.3/km2).  The racial makeup of the town was 98.00% White, 0.44% Black or African American, 0.35% Native American, 0.17% from other races, and 1.05% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.87% of the population.
There were 429 households, out of which 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.6% were married couples living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.2% were non-families. 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 29.4% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 29.2% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.4 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $31,705, and the median income for a family was $35,000. Males had a median income of $31,522 versus $18,864 for females. The per capita income for the town was $13,167.  About 16.0% of families and 19.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.5% of those under age 18 and 8.7% of those age 65 or over.

Creek Settlement – A former community southeast of Edwards village.
Edwards – The Village of Edwards is in the northeastern part of the town on County Road 24.
Pond Settlement – A hamlet in the southeastern part of the town on County Road 23.
South Edwards – A hamlet in the southeastern part of the town on County Road 23 and the Oswegatchie River. It was first settled around 1824 and was called "Shawville."
Scotch Settlement – A former community in the northeastern part of the town.
Talcville – A hamlet in the northeastern part of the town, west of Edwards village, is named after the talc deposits found nearby. The community was originally called Freemansville.

Edwards, NY town site
Early Edwards history

The South African motorcycle Grand Prix was a motorcycling event that had been part of the Grand Prix motorcycle racing world championship, held intermittently from 1983 to 2004.

The first South African Grand Prix was held in 1983 as the season opener at the Kyalami circuit in Midrand. The circuit lay more than 1700 metres above sea level and the high altitude caused problems for the riders to set up their bikes. The race was held on a Saturday, similar to the Dutch TT. In 1984 the races were plagued by bad weather conditions, resulting in many accidents. The race in 1985 was the final to be held at the old Kyalami circuit before it was removed for the 1986 season due to the Apartheid policies which were in place in the country at the time. These policies prompted the subsequent boycott from many sport associations (such as the FIM and the FIA), which refused to race in the country until the lift of these bans in the early 1990s.After the Apartheid policies were abolished and the FIM removed the restrictions for South African riders and venues, the round returned on the calendar in 1992 on a new and shortened variant of the Kyalami circuit. The race was placed on a Sunday timeslot compared to the previous three South African GPs, which were held on a Saturday. However, due to ongoing financial and political problems going on in the country, it was decided to cancel the 1993 installment of the race which was planned for 3 October that year. This decision was made at the 1993 Italian Grand Prix.In 1999, the South African Grand Prix returned. The venue chosen was the Phakisa Freeway in Welkom. In the 2002 event, the South African Department of Health announced a week before the Grand Prix that it was no longer allowed to advertise tobacco products in motorsports. This caused a big problem because that year's official sponsor of the race was French cigarette brand Gauloises. All the posters and programs - who were already printed and ready for distribution - had to be thrown away and quickly altered and all the teams who were sponsored by tobacco companies that year were forced to order new and censored stickers for the bikes, overalls for the riders, team clothing for the crewmembers and more. This caused significant financial damage as a result. In 2003, the start of the MotoGP race was delayed for almost one hour to clean up an oil spill from Kenny Roberts Jr.'s Suzuki. The 2004 race was the final South African Grand Prix so far and saw Valentino Rossi and Max Biaggi famously battle for the victory.

1983: Nashua Motorcycle Grand Prix
1984: Technics Motorcycle Grand Prix
1985: National Panasonic Motorcycle Grand Prix
1992: Nashua South African Grand Prix
1999: South African Grand Prix (no official sponsor)
2000–2001: Gauloises Africa's Grand Prix
2002: Africa's Grand Prix (no official sponsor)
2003: Arnette Africa's Grand Prix
2004: betandwin.com Africa's Grand Prix

Renuka Mahatme (Kannada: ರೇಣುಕಾ ಮಹಾತ್ಮೆ) is a 1956 Indian Kannada film, directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by H. M. Reddy. The film stars R. Nagendra Rao, Pandari Bai and Narasimharaju in the lead roles. The film has musical score by H. R. Padmanabha Shashtri.

R. Nagendra Rao
Pandari Bai
Narasimharaju

Renuka Mahatme at IMDb

Confrontation or (Russian: Противостояние, romanized: Protivostoyanie) is a 1985 Soviet six-part television film directed by Semyon Aranovich based on the novel by Yulian Semyonov.

Two parallel storylines unfold in the film. One takes place in the late 1970s in the USSR and the other during the Great Patriotic War on the territory of Poland and Nazi Germany.
A dismembered human corpse is found in the bushes near the road leading to the airport of Nardyn. Police colonel Vladislav Nikolaevich Kostenko comes from Moscow to investigate this heinous and unusual crime. Soon the taxi driver Grigoriy Milinko gets linked to the murder. But thanks to the investigation of the police major Kardava, assistant of Kostenko, it turns out that the real Grigoriy Milinko, Marine of the Red Army, was killed and dismembered in the area of Wrocław in 1945. Fingerprints of "Milinko" found in Nardyme are sent to East Germany, where in the Berlin archive is found data on the real culprit.
This is Nikolai Ivanovich Krotov, a traitor who in the summer of 1941 defected to the German side. In an effort to prove his loyalty to the Nazis, he even carried by himself the wounded political leader George Kozel who was subsequently shot. He works as a provocateur. Due to his denunciations a large group of Soviet prisoners of war who have been trying to organize an underground resistance in the concentration camp is shot. Krotov gets released. German command sent him to the hospital where he successfully undergoes experimental treatment for stuttering. Then he trains in the special commando school Abwehr and then is flung into the rear areas of the USSR with special scouting and sabotage assignments. Soon the traitor tries to rob a German female jeweler with whom he resided and is sent to a concentration camp. After one year of imprisonment German Security Service send him to the secret and dirty assignment, all crimes of Krotov forgotten.
In 1945 as part of Vlasov's Army Krotov is involved in the defense of Breslau but then deserts. When he kills Grigoriy Milinko and steals his documents and military uniform, Krotov enters the ranks of the Red Army, and after the war goes to the northern regions of the USSR, to Nardyn, where finds a job as a taxi driver.
Years pass. Krotov, knowing that sooner or later he will be exposed, is preparing to escape to the West. But the traitor is aiming to not run away empty-handed but bearing gold. Krotov finds an accomplice, Anna Petrova, part of an organization in charge of gold mines, and begins illegal prospecting. Later they kill a certain Michael Gonchakov, unsuccessfully trying to collect a huge gold nugget belonging to him and run away from Nardyn. Upon learning that Petrova is pregnant, Krotov does not hesitate to kill and dismember his former mistress. Then, with the help of relatives in Smolensk, the traitor robs a jewelry store. Now Krotov, having accumulated enough gold and jewels in his opinion, is ready for the last break to a foreign country.
But the police is on the track of the traitor and murderer. Kostenko and Kardava stalk Krotov in Adler. Realizing that he is surrounded on all sides, Krotov grabs a hostage and tries to hijack a plane. By only the courage and professionalism of the special forces group the savage criminal has been stopped and arrested.

The film "Confrontation" was the last work of actor Talgat Nigmatulin who was killed shortly after the shooting.
The city "Nardyn" (in which the events of the film begin) does not really exist. Under this name the city of Magadan is shown.
The role of the journalist Kira Koroleva was played by Olga, youngest daughter of the film's screenwriter Yulian Semyonov.
The scene featuring the capture of an aircraft was filmed in the airport of Novorossiysk.
The picture is based on real events which occurred in the mid-1960s in Magadan. The taxi driver Gacko killed the miner Melchakov, took his letter of credit and after quitting his job left with his friend Petrova. In another city the murderer received Melchakov's money in a savings bank.
In one of the episodes set in 1980 the song "The Grass Near the House" by the band Zemlyane is played, which actually was released on radio and television only in the year 1983. In the second and fourth series the song "Snow Whirls" by VIA Plamya is played which was written in 1981 and was first performed in the program "Song of the Year" only in 1982.
In one of the episodes the street "Komsomol" in Oryol is specified. In fact the city does not have a street with this name.
The journalist Michael Rosenfeld, mentioned by colonel Kostenko in conversation with journalist Koroleva, did not die with Arkady Gaidar at Kaniv but almost a year later, near Kharkiv.

At the end of the book Krotov manages to capture a passenger aircraft, but pilots land the plane on "a US military base in a neighboring country", which is in fact hastily equipped on the USSR territory; the killer is arrested there. In the film the ending is changed to a more realistic one: while the police are distracting the criminal with negotiations, the special forces soldiers enter the cabin of the aircraft and disarm Krotov on the spot.
Colonel Kostenko is named Vladislav Nikolaevich in the film. In the novel he is called Vladislav Romanovich.
The name of Kostenko's assistant is Kardava in the film while in the book he is Tadava.
In the book the action begins in the fictional town of "Magaran". In the film "Magaran" was changed to "Nardyn".
Former Vlasovite Lebedev commits suicide in the film. In the novel after talking to Kostenko he no longer appears in the plot.
Gonchakov's body which is hidden in a bag, is found by Grigoriy Kozel, the father of Krotov's brother-soldier in the film. In the book the body is found by Junior Researcher Alex Krabovsky.
The killed miner is called Gonchakov in the film. In the book - Minchakov.

Protivostoyanie at IMDb

